 yooooooooo. Do you wanna make a group chat for the comp 321 assignment?. just to split the questions up.
Yea sure. I already did the first two questions.
alriteee.
Hey man are you going to the lab tmr?.
yeah I think. at 9.
Okay, me and my team mate are gonna do the late afternoon lab if you want to join?.
Ahhhh I think I'm busy in the afternoon :(.
okay! Dont worry about it. let me know when u finish question 4.
yeap I'll get it done by tomorrow!. yo I finished it. Here you go!. I don't know what the notification thing is. that I have to send. . I think its the ID number?.
Hey man. Can u submit the assignment for this week?.
done. like three days ago. sorry forgot to tell you guys LOL.
Ayy dope! Thanks a lot man! Have a good rest of the semester!.
Hey.
 yea. if you click on the graph it gives you an image, take the url of the image and send it to me..
https://portal.nbed.nb.ca/webwork2_course_files/FHS_PreCalcA/tmp/gif/,DanaInfo=204.81.4.244+Online_Assignment_3-prob16-p9.gif.
0.5*cos(2*x)+0.5.
Hey Daniel!I'm just filling out a CISV form and I'm missing a bit of your info. Would you mind sending it to me?- your postal code- your birthday, including year- Cell # (if you have one)- email addressThanks!Marie.
sure thing, E3B6Z7 no cell and daniel_lutes@yahoo.com.
Thank you kindly, sir.. Hey Daniel! Any idea how the video is going?.
Hey, i talked torichard today, he said hell have it done by tomorrow..
Sweetness!. Hey Daniel,Do you think the video will be ready for tomorrow? It'd be great to watch it together..
yeah, defiantly, i am picking it up tonight :D.
yesyesyesyesssss!.
Hey Marie i am applying for a job at tims, and was wondering if I could use you as a reference?.
Of course! I'd love to! (...this officially makes me a grown-up.)Get them to call me at 506-684-2874..
AHAH Awesome Thank you. see you Friday :).
Hey Daniel, I just wanted to tell you that if you do need a letter of reference for a JC position, let me know. I'd have nice things to say. :).
Thanks :) hehe, i am trying to get my hands on the forms, ill send them your way when i get them :D. Hey marie, sorry for the wait, here are the forms. Thank you soo much for doing this for me!. I also need your adress and email. Thanks Again..
Hey! When do you need to send it in? (If it's asap, I'll fill it in tomorrow after work.).
It needs to be in by the 30th, so you still have lots of time. :).
k, got it!.
I need ur address and email address for the form..
429 Victoria StreetDalhousie, NBE8C 2V2marieallard@nbmediacoop.org. miss you!.
Me too! when will u be back in freddy?.
not sure, but I will most def let you know :).
Sounds good :) :). Hey Marie, I have another  favor to ask you, could you take the reference form you made for me and and take the text you put in the 2 boxes about me and send it to allisonj@nbnet.nb.ca as a reference letter, i am applying for an IYM to France on top of the JC to help my chances of going somewhere this summer. Tell me if you have any questions. Thanks soo much. Miss you Daniel.
No problem, Daniel! I'll let you know as soon as it's done and sent. I hope you're well! Merry Christmas!.
Merry Christmas to you too :).
Hey Daniel!I'm sending you what I wrote for your reference letter. Let me know what you think and if there are some things you'd like me to focus more/less on. I'm perfectly happy making changes if you'd like me to.(By the way, I mean every word of the letter.):)***I had the pleasure of being Daniel’s leader for a Summer Camp in the Czech Republic last summer. One of the things that stood out most to me about Daniel was his cultural curiosity. He showed a genuine desire to learn about the history and culture of the participants represented at our Camp – something that the other participants really appreciated. Whether he was learning about the political situation in Turkey or dancing with the Brazilian delegates, he thoroughly took advantage of the cultural diversity of the camp and walked away with a much greater understanding of the world and its people. I was constantly amazed by Daniel’s intelligence and independence of thought during activities, discussions, and debriefing. He showed an ability to reflect on and articulate complex ideas to the group in an inclusive and constructive way. He was able to make the group think of things that they would not have necessarily considered. Most importantly, he did so in an empowering and tactful way.This does not mean that he is the serious type… In fact, Daniel was the camp clown! He regularly had the whole camp bent over laughing. Our delegation looked forward to delegation time to hear what Daniel would come up with next. He understood when it was time to be serious and when it was time to spread his contagious sense of humour. I often witnessed Daniel using his humour and his leadership to draw people in and make them feel included in the group.Daniel also worked very well with others while planning activities. He provided ideas without dominating discussions and followed through with his responsibilities.I truly felt lucky to have Daniel in my delegation for his leadership, his thoughtfulness, his commitment to CISV values, and his humour. His impact was felt across the whole camp – other leaders regularly praised him during our leader meetings, and made sure that I knew just how lucky I was to have Daniel in my group. I know – without a doubt – that his skills and qualities would help make this Village unforgettable for all the kids present, and would make him a positive role model in the lives of his own delegates for years to come..
D'AWWEEEEE! This is sooo great :) Thank you so much. For the IYM letter thing you dont need to have the last little paragraph . But yeah, thank you..
:). hello! you there?.
YESH!.
I'm in Freddy for the weekend.
THis weekend???.
yep! i'm here now. I'm just talking to Liam too.
WE need a deli time!.
Anyway, just wanted to let you know in case you feel like hanging out :). Yeah! I like the enthusiasm!. Go Dennyboy!.
YEAH!\.
I'll try to message you tomorrow to potentially make plans.
Sounds good too mE!.
ok, awesome!.
Hey marie, I am applying for a postions on the SRC of the FHS, and was wondering if u could give me a reference, but the catch is that it is due by wenday, It will be sent to  Gregory.Peters@nbed.nb.ca Thanks.
No problem, m'dear. :) Anything in particular I should be focusing on, or just your overall awesomeness?.
ahah, Thanks you soo much, sorry for the rushed message but i have been in toronto this weekend for CISV and we haven't had wifi...  I am applying for public relations so nothing in particular I can think of. PS How is the road trip going?.
Ok, here I go. It'll have to be a bit quick because I also don't have much access to the internet. I'll send it to you and you can let me know if you need any changes.The trip is interesting....  But good. There have been some downers because of all the vehicles breaking down and all, and waiting, planning, improvising, figuring out logistics, etc. I'm currently in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, and will be here for a few days. It's really awesome here. We went to see a bluegrass band play last night in a total dirt bag bar. It was great! I'll post pictures to my blog today or tomorrow.. I just took some stuff from the other one I'd written and changed a few things. Let me know if that's ok. As soon as you ok it, I will send it into the world wide web, across the mid-west, over the Appalachian Mountain Range, and all the way to Gregory Peters in Fredericton.:)***To whom it may concern:I had the pleasure of being Daniel’s leader for a CISV Summer Camp in the Czech Republic last summer, where youth from nine countries gathered for three weeks for leadership and peace education activities. I was constantly amazed by Daniel’s intelligence and independence of thought during activities, discussions, and debriefing. He showed an ability to reflect on and articulate complex ideas to the group in an inclusive and constructive way. He was able to make the group think of things that they would not have necessarily considered. Most importantly, he did so in an empowering and tactful way.This does not mean that he is the serious type… In fact, Daniel was the camp clown! He regularly had the whole camp bent over laughing. He understood when it was time to be serious and when it was time to spread his contagious sense of humour and lighten the mood. I often witnessed Daniel using his humour and his leadership to draw people in and make them feel included in the group.Daniel also worked very well with others while planning activities. He provided creative input without dominating discussions and followed through with his responsibilities. I truly felt lucky to have Daniel in my delegation for his leadership, his thoughtfulness, his commitment to CISV values, and his humour. His impact was felt across the whole camp – other leaders regularly praised him and made sure that I knew just how lucky I was to have Daniel in my group. I know – without a doubt – that his skills and qualities would help make next year a successful one for the SRC. Specifically in the position of Public Relations, his leadership and humour will draw students in and make the SRC even more appealing to them.For all these reasons, I wholeheartedly recommend Daniel Lutes for the position of Public Relations in the SRC..
awesome, Thanks soo much! :0.
Hey Dan, can you do me a favor? I don't have all five journals written and I don't know what I'm missing. Can you tell me all the journals you have? Thanks!.
we havnt writen 5 yet..
You sure??.
yeah..
Positive?.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k39ju0Z5VmE&ob=av3n.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TacZMUiZygY. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOgpT5rEKIU. joli wants to know what you sent her.
oh i send a pic u can see it on max kerr wall.
ok. what happened with monica?.
we broke up..
sorry to hear.. was it her?.
no, it was me... kinda mutual..
i see, plenty of fish in the sea. which is coincidentaly a dating site ;).
hahah. One of my favs!. u cominz.
yeah should i bring my laptop? gamerz.
suuuuuuuuuure, when u be here?.
Hey, you've got a lot of nice things in your house.. expensive looking things. It would really, really be a shame if something were to get broken. Send me the Google sketchup file, and luck will favour you and your pretty little things. Consider it... "insurance." If anyone makes the mistake of somehow think we had this conversation, I dump nudes of you as an infant to 4chan, capiche?. Corey Wilcox made a 5 and a half minute tbh video.
hahahahhahahahhhaha, for who>?.
this random girl, its just way too funny hahahaha. lets do a dudes thing friday, ill bring my laptop.
I agree!.
how goes the project?.
shit whens that due?.
no idea, i think next monday.
kk, illl try to finish it tonight..
okay. see if you can compress and send the project today! Ill try and work on it.
u there?.
yeah whats up?.
what's ur cell number?.
506-238-1662. daniel.... theres a photo that i saw on facebook.
go on..
you should go on skype.
im on.
When do you get back? Theres a party saturday at josh mers.
Im back now betch!.
whoaoaoaoa are you going to go?.
I wasn't invited... :'(.
Cameron said people are just supposed to spread the word to people and people just go i guess.
Oh, Cool, I guess I will be going then, I assume you are tooo?.
yep :p. we should meet up beforehand though. at the mall or something, i need a ruse hahaha.
Ruse?.
a decoy :p ill say its a sleepover at joshs.
Can we stay the night there?.
I have no idea, but probably. I havent got my liquor yet, want me to ask to get something for you?.
Yeah, That would be good, where u going to get it?.
I have no idea :p ill update you.
k cool, when do u want to meet on Saturday?.
like 5:00 or 6:00 then we can get to joshs.
my brother can probably give us a drive..
ok, awesome!.
How are we going to get the Herion and Meth though....
hahahahaha I don't think think we can get them in time... FedEx usually takes 5-6 business days from Honduras.
Lets make our own?.
ok, yeah, sounds good. I'll cancel the liquor. budget/drink of choice?.
beer $20.
You could ask your brother to go to picaroons since they rarely is there.
wut?.
they rarely ask for ID there hahaha*.
ye, i also might just steal some stuff from my parents..
ok hahaha.
how many people do you think will be there?.
I couldbt tell you haha... also I have half a litre of old engine oil for your pyromania if you want.
Burn the house to the ground?.
yes hahaha. would we be able to go back to your house? were allowed to crash there if thats what you want to do. actually nevermind haha.
So we are staying there?.
yes, as far as I know.
spooning?.
bring an extra 10. I'll love you long time.
extra 10 what?.
theatre benches 7:00?. 6:30 actually, im going to get dinner there.
Ill be there at like 7 15, when do u want to go to the party?.
it starts at 8:00, so then i guess.
k. whats ur cell number?. go on skype.
dan man, are you still going tonight?. cam says we can go to his house or go downtown to his sisters apartment and chill with her and her friends.
whos going?.
as far as i know, jmer, you, cam, me, and were meeting liam matson.
i liam home?.
cameron was going to invite jliu but i dont know for sure. i think so.
where we going?.
sisters apartment.
k, when are we meeting?.
cameron just left for downtown and I'm leaving soon, wanna meet up?.
yesh, where.
go to 339 York street, I'm just about to leave.
k.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-eJSHoH9Fs. also nevermind with the yarn lol.
k, why?.
it will take too long to knit apparently haha.
hahaha. assembly line..
hahaha if only.
look at coltens status.
hahaha i should join....
do it!.
jk lol. man i have the greatest business proposition yet.... fermenting our own liquor.
wut. lolol. fur real?.
we can produce a 24L batch of 14% whatever for 15$ at the cheapest, 30$ for good quality. 8 weeks fermenting time. and we can sell it for like 600% profit. no like 1000%. as an alternative, heres the set-up for pure alcohol:. http://static.ddmcdn.com/gif/moonshine-diagram.gif. pretty complex, but the 14% whatever deal can be as simple as a jug with a napkin overtop. http://www.capecodpackagestore.com/webupdate/tequila.htm. regular 1L sells for 25$. at like 10/12$ for us, thats 240, 264$ a batch. are you in?.
When u coming over?.
you posted that on the actual photo hahahahaha.
Can you link me to the site we need for math?.
https://portal.nbed.nb.ca/Identity/,DanaInfo=portal.nbed.nb.ca,SSL+Default.aspx. then go student, then look for WebWork on the right hand side.
when i get to webwork, what is the what is my username and passwprd.
your teacher would have given it to you. he also would have assigned you that username and password. you up for partners in the entrepreneruship thing?.
sure.
Daniel-San. Type up really roughly what we need to say for the presentation.Slide 1: the bio of the innovatorSlide 2: description of the innovationSlide 3: the need it fulfilled (soldiers, battle communication)Slide 4: the impact, how its used todaySlide 5: the hat that the innovator usedSlide 6: what it improved uponSlide 7: sources.
tonight?.
yes. is it due friday?.
1. 卍 卐2.卍 666 卐. thats what i got so far.
sounds good.
are u going to work on it tonight, or can i just bring it in tomorrow?.
yeah i mean just bring it in tomorrow. the powerpoint has everything but the info.
kk. Do you have the iganodon sprite at ur house.
lol no. im torrenting flash though.
ahah sweet. also are you busy tmr?.
nope.
wanna help us shoot the walter mitty thing?.
whats that?.
its an English project..
sure thing, when and where?.
karims at ten.
ill see if i can do it.
kk.
skype?.
kk. one sec.
how did it go?.
literally like 15 seconds... it was nothing.
hahaha what was this issue?.
A certain picture I use to have, she was just checking to see if I deleted it....
lol. totally worth it.
she defenatly could have msged me....
hahaha she probably wanted you to see how happy she was with michael or something.
The exact oposite. She leaned into my ear and wispered "Help, he is watching, he is always watching." Just then her body went lip, she fell towards me. As I caught her I looked down towards he back, and what should I find but an 8" hunting knife stabed into her flesh, blood pouring from the wound. And there stood Michael, full of rage and covered in blood.. limp*.
hahahaha good stuff, all in a days work.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT-ynHdAbyo&feature=related.
I didnt know you were into classical!. Ill finish the writeup today.
I finished 2 of the games.
send me the games??.
kk. nvm cant send.
shoot ok.
hows it coming.
havent started lol. its basically finished though. i only need to polish it up. send me that logo if you have it though. and maybe the powerpoint oo so i can match things up with the writeup.
i didnt make a logo.... i had Pala. not terrapin.
i made one.
sick.
.
ahhahahahahhaahahhh, Mrs Hiltz will luv it. do u have a real logo yet?. also whats our slogan.
"spiritually pleasing".
How damn. \. here that ppt.
i love it. so witty.
<3.
It's christmas break. Let's get that iguanodon party started.
fo realz?.
ive never been so serious in my life. i saw a news story on how this kid made an app on the appstore called fingermash or something. it was a real piece of shit, and they only accepted it after like five applications. but they were so proud. it inspired me. we can do so much better.
We have to learn Objective C..
that's our objective then?.
budm tist.
ill be on skype later. going out tonight?.
naw you?.
I was trying to decide on going to jmers, but I'm leaning towards a quite evening.
didn't even hear that was happening.
haha it is.
lol who is going?.
i have no idea.... i know alicia is, she let me know. but i have a feeling jolis going to be there.
Is that why you arent.
well kind of, but i kind of want to just smoke in peace by myself without running risks of getting caught.
what risk>.
getting caught.... hahaha.
lol. Do u think it will get busted?.
no haha, i just mean like my parents would be suspicious if i went out, but if im home they wont know.
haha go on skype.
skype? i got flash working.
for Iguanadon?].
for any and all ideas. im using actionscript 3. it seems a lot harder than i thoiught it would be.
How is it going?.
i dont know how to make "when" or "if" functions. im trying to learn keyboard events or somehting to do it.
How are you learning?.
youtube.
doug winnie?.
hahaha newp.
oh, hes is good.
is there a site with all the different functions?.
You can find them all in the flash library..
almost done my first game....
Shit, What is it about?.
I'll send a copy tonight lol.
Sic.
.
AHAHAHHA.
thats the one i was talking about hahahaha.
The ol' spicy keychange.
.
HAAHHA, where do you get these?.
its a secret ;). I got those two from /b/. I just googled up on it though, and I guess its from this:. http://willlaren.blogspot.ca/.
SICk. wanna hang.
sure thing. what's the plan?. I just heard of a party we can crash hahaha let's get karim.
loloolo too little too late.... Did you go?.
nah hahaha.
lol. HEy, we shoot tmr.
what time? I have a basketball tournament tomorrow at certain times.
like past 7.
ok, i can show up for like 8:00. where is it?.
My place.
ok, ill be there.
Wait, Dont come, Richard cancelled, we will film tmr..
I'll be in PEI all day. Am I really necesary?.
Not really.
ok. Sorry about that bud.
No worries.. How do we log into web work.
Daniel_Lutes. same for password.
THX. Wanna hang tmr.
sure. I can't have people over tonight, let's do tomorrow at 12:00?. let's reschedule for another week haha.
K.
whats your number?.
261 0224. add me abae.
can we do saturday?. instead of tomorrow?.
Sure.
kk bb. c u in murdachs.
He be there, fuck ass and passing gass.
during mass, thats sass. when it comes to dildos only glass.
And then he fucks Hannah in front of the class.
oh fuck thats hot.
.
that so noticeable.
Slippery as fuck.
hahaha. https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/1014501_10151407060481981_181356469_o.jpg.
Will alex colpits b doing a judo demo at the party. if I will not be in attendance..
what the fuck Daniel, dont make me look like an amateur. I thought it was a given.
Just checking. one cant be too careful. also i am assuming ur parents are out of town this weekend..
no, I need them for their beer funnels. hahaha yes, in jamaica.
Ahaha. SICK. Also i have news dude.. Guess who has 2 thumbs and is bang R.Siu. This guyyyy. **Banging.
wowzas meowzas!! banging, banging?.
Dick in da puss.
oh my goodness you dog, thats so good. when did this transpire?.
Ahah, has been going on for a week or 2 now. Ballin'.
hahaha. dan thats impressive.
The king of butt is here. But i gtg night night dude, rest easy. RIP.
Goodnight, sweet prince. you have dibs on my old bunkbed. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7symlPXOR3g.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaGm0OvxTss.
too good to handle. Brendan Landine MC's Dragons den. .
hahahah, that s the only show he watches..
Dan, I'm campaigning. I want some dope fucking pins.
4 wut???.
First Year COuncillor.
Shit cool.. What do u have 2 do?.
well I think I need some artwork. I can submit it to a website I found.
Like posters?. Or 4 pins?.
for pins. I have a $50 budget and the pins come to $44.
Sick.  What are u going to put on them?.
well im wondering if you can make a photoshop.
Sure dude. Do u know what u want it to look like?.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150986172298800&set=a.429055263799.204715.546383799&type=3&theater.
4real? Ahahahhaha.
Ill try my hand at it and see what you think.
Ahahha. ill send u one 2.
perf.
. Whoops wrong one. hahaha. . What should I change.
hahaha thats good, Ill work with it. thanks so much.
ahaha Np BBG. .
that's so good. what are you up to tonight?.
I was just smoking with some guys. Hows Mt. A?.
it's not too bad, good times.
http://unis-asms-students.wikispaces.com/Chris+A. FOUND UR DOPE PAGE.
Intimate divorce tell-all.
ahahah. http://unis-asms-students.wikispaces.com/Alvin+C. listen to alvins voice.
It sounds nothing like him. Wheres tangerine productions?.
https://www.youtube.com/user/tangerinestudio/videos. I cant find the one frm middle school.
thats what i was hopingg for haha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbUGMY9AxH4 this did not pull through.
haha. Where is Thats so Vaishu?.
I compleely forgot abou that....
Thats what she wants you to do! When are you done exams?.
21st, be home the 22nd. Missing you out here b.
haha. Imma be back the 26th! Where u werkin?.
idk yet... do you?.
Naw. Lol. When u coming back 2 fred?.
Been back since the 22nd.
Oh shit! Why didnt u come out last night?.
I had a few beers with dad already hahaha.
lol. .
I know hahaha.
Hey man, some guys are coming over to my place to watch the game tonight. You want in?.
I really want to, haven't seen you all summer. I have to get up at 6:00 every day.
oH fuck. kk. Dooleys Friday??.
Yep, sounds gr8. So tonight or Saturday?.
Good question. Can u come out saturday?.
Yep.
Okay. To appease karim i think well go out tmr nite.
Hahaha ok. On the way home. On the way **.
.
What is that?.
The txt u sent me! Haha.
Double coverage. On your sweet bod 󾍃.
Yessss. God yess..
Why is this group so stagnant lol.
Hahah i know. We cant have it at my place so we have to wait till dic du is off work.
whens that?.
I think like 9. Idk. How you doing buddy??.
Alright, can't even play league cause I forgot my laptop at Richards lol. Are you going back to his house?.
Naw I back at my place now.
Kk. Play tonight.
U dont wanna go out?.
I don't know if I can... I want to, but I'll let you know.
kk sounds good.. U coming out tonight. Yo. Wing nite 2nite at snooty fox. U in?.
Yeah man.
Sweet. I think there will b a crew of ppl like last time..
sounds good.
9pm b there or b sqr. U free tmr at 530 2 film?.
Gotta eat supper. After?.
Sure when is would u be able to ?.
Probably 7.
Just got word from richard. I forgot we filmed all ur shit, u dont need to come in.
Hahaha.
U coming 2 the banger tmr?.
Yes of course but I can't stay late or get zombied. I have work at 6 Saturday.
6 in the morning?.
Yeah.
Shit dude! Its gonna be a good time! see ya then!.
Can't wait. What time are you showing up?.
Im here rn. But not many ppl are here. Its just the boys..
I'll come soon.
Sweeet. @$.
Want to have a brews tonight?.
Yea. Im down.
Where r u.
Im at home right now. I can come out at like 1030 or so.
Kk. I work at 11:30 at krome but o want to go out for a sit down for a while.
ale house 1030. ?.
Sure bro. Are you back in town?.
Naww its still exams 4 me3.
I'll see what Dick Dus up to. I'm back in town until Thursday!.
Im not gonna be back this summer until august. :''(.
HEEEEYYY YOUUUU!!How are you ?? I am just coming from my travel in Turkey and i am just sooo tired. I miss the camp soo much and your jokes!!! hahahaha I just have a doubt about your date of birth, is it the 28 of january on 1995? that's right?KISSS BOY!.
HAhah, Hey man, things in Fredericton are good, but I miss the camp. My birthday is jan 28 but I was born in 1996. Hahah.
what? are you asking me out?.
No,, that was my bro sorry.
owww its ok lol hows you summer so fair?.
Good.
Hi!! Realy wooow its great. From were are u??.
I am from canada :D.
Hey.
 Hey, do you still want to MC for yellow and black?.
Idk Samm didn't want to do it with me.
Oh, okay..
I mean if you need me I can find someone and it'll be funny. I'm still down but I just lost my partner.
Did you talk to Mia about doing it?.
Oh YAH MIA!. Ok ill do it if she wants to.
I just messaged her..
K. If not ill talk to like Seger or someone.
Alright, that would be sweet..
Kay.
Mia said she can't do it so if you wanted to do it with Seger you could..
I talked to Seger he said "most likely but let me think about it" I will know if he is down by lunch tomorrow.
Okay, sweet!. Did you ask him?.
Hey.
 Hi kelsea, I was wondering if you could write me a letter saying that I volunteered at the camp this summer. It just has to be like a word doc. If not, I completely understand..
Hey.
 .
Hey -- can I get your phone number and would you available for a call tonight or tomorrow? Also, are you in MTL?.
My number is 506 261 0224. No, I am Toronto for the summer. I can do tomorrow night at like 7. Does that work for you?.
I'm in Vancouver ATM, so the earliest I can do is 8pm EST :/.
Okay, cool. Thats fine. lets do 9pm EST. Does that work?.
Yep! Thanks. This might be a stupid question, but what kind of platform was the website built with?.
lol, naw thats not stupid. Its on wordpress. Its mostly configuration, not so much coding.. Hey ready for that call?.
how was calgary for ya?.
The village was really sweet. But as a city it wasnt really what I was expecting.  It wasnt like Toronto or Montreal.  A lot of driving... ahha.
hahah yea its a large un-dence place. Village though was good?.
Yea. There was some tension sometimes with staff and JC's but overall it was good. You done high school yet?.
going into grade 12. were karen and jessica decent. and youre done right?.
No one more year tooo.  Hows shit with the JB there?.
meh! you guys.
Same.. im not ljr any more so I feel like im kinda free....
I feel the exact same. BUt i know that there will still be a lot of work that ill end up doing.
Ahah yea. Same. What are your plans for after high school?.
i want to be a jc or do seminar but so far i've planned to go to brasil and visit friends from village and summercamp. Has JCing been your favourite.
Not really. I think it was like a more rewarding tan other cisv experiences, but at the same time when ur a JC there are only 5 others so you kinda have to hope for a good group. I did a ym when I was 16 which is similar to a seminar and I made closer friends amd overall had more fun..
was the group dynamic good? no matter what i'm going make sure to do seminar.
With the JC's we were really close. But with the leaders they would fight a fair amount. And as a jc sometimes I kinda felt like my opinion wasnt as valued....
that sucks! at least all the JCs got along. who was the other canadian?.
Brianna Partridge from Saskatoon.
Oh thats sweet! How were the kids.
They were all really awesome. By far the best part of the whole experience.  They are kinda what makes dealing with other shit worth it..
its sounds like a fair bit of shit went down? any worse then the shit of jb?.
Ahhah. Yeah. Same style of shit.. people not doing what they say they will do....
hahah fair enough. but overall it went unhinged? or no the drama was a lot?.
I steared clear of the drama as much as possible. So it wasnt to to bad. If you have the chance to Jc and do seminar do both..
ill try! im pretty stoked to be going to brasil.
Where in brazil are you going?.
my friends are from brasilia and then were going to racifi and salvador, jaoa passoa, sao paulo and rio.
Holy shit.  Thats a sweet trip. How long are you going for?.
js.
Hahaha. Glad to see you  made this on picnik, aha! :P.
Hey.
 Yo b send me da test.
okay well you wanna know why rachel wants my autograph?her, celine, lauren seper, and ali balcom all came up of a list of things that they have to do before the years over and mog one of them was to lick a korean playing soccer ^o)wtfoh and one is that they have to get my autograph.
that gay as hell.
so are you grade 6ers.
what?.
nvm.
that right!!!!!!!!!.
Hey! Since we probably won't meet again, let me tell u that i thought you were one of my best guy friends and i really want to keep in touch with you (and a few others) Write me back but don't leave me hangin'! LoveNiki.
ya you where the best in our class because u where not weir like the other ones!!!!!.
i'm not weird? since when?.
good point.
haha nice Daniel, oh yeah i edited that pic of Seshu and u (the one of him choking you). wanna chat (bored.). did u say i was ur best friend in class? I thought luke and scott were.
no u where one of the best if not the best girls in our class.
Thanks. =)So what's up??. Dan, u there?. You haven't written to me in almost three days!.
may bad.
lol nice...so where are you planning to study (as a businessman)?.
ya i guess.
BTW, Hailey WANTED me to tell you she is "in love with you".(And she wants to ask you out at the beginning of gr. 7).
tell her i'll say no!!!!!!!!!!.
can u tell her something that doesn't make her obsessed with you, please Dan!!! Hailey won't talk to me about anything else but you!.
tell her im shaving my head as we speak.
You will? You don't like her like that?(And she WILL be upset you know). Ahahaha, nice ;)Why? So she'd be scared of you?. Hailey says hahahahaha (but she changed her display message to Ily.DevinHare.Anyways, I gtg help my dad clean the car (moving in 4 days so we have to drive long distances)--I'll ttylKeep in touch Dan! =).
k.
Hey, I have a question for you!I'm not mad or anything but why wouldn't you go paint-balling?.
did u guys even go.
yupp, we're going tomorrow...you still didn't answer my question..
i never saiad no.
But you said you didn't want to, do you still want to come?.
no, im going to lukes.
Oh ok, well have fun...we're only going in the evening so.... Hey Dan? What'a up??Keep in touch--Niki &hearts;. heyy you there???msg. me back!. Hey Dan, we haven't talked in a long time...oh err, my sister is kinda freaked out that you voted her more attractive than some of ur female friends?? Ahaha, trust me when you get know her....
no i was comparing her to my cousin so i had to pick her.
Oh, you know there's a skip button! =P. Hey, so what's up? I'm coming to Halifax in August so I might make a stop in New Brunswick...[I made it to superspellers regionals].
kool what happens next 4 super spellers.
Well, if I make it in the top three in regionals (which I hope I will, Ninu is drilling me like CRAZY) then I go to semi-finals, and I think they'll decide how many people go onto finals...and the grand prize for that is TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS (20,000) towards college or university or whatever, and 15,000 dollars in cash...but i wonder if I'd even make it that far...So what's going on in New Brunswick?.
that would be amazing and u have to give me $500 if u win because i tough u everything u no about spelling ... ps nothing is happening in N.B ( as always).
Haha, yes, it would be amazing, and pfft...OF COURSE , YOU taught me everything I know in spelling! :) True...But if anything does...I better know about it! (Or....) =PP.S. Five hundred dollars out of 15,000 seems to little, doesn't it?.
ya give $20,000 to me.
Nice. ;) I only get fifteen thousand in cash though...And why did you go offline when I said hi to u?.
cuz i had to go.
. Yoo what you bringing for edboard snack? I made mac n cheese btw. :).
Ahhaha damn thats so elaborate. Im just bringing mini chocolate bars..
Nice and dnt worry not that elaborated tk make KD hahah. omg you made my feature look soo good :D thanks a lot!. question tho,  is there a way to stop the timer on the pictures?.
yea, i can turn it off.
thank youu!. or maybe put it a bit longer?.
how long 30s?. or is that too long.
maybe 10?. just enough to be able to read the caption of the first?.
yea, i set it to 20, i feel like that is enough time 4 ppl who read slow.
ok thanks a lot!.
no problem!.
you might hate me rn, but actually, can you make it 30 sec? i think its better if people have to actually switch photos by themselves. i personnally dnt have enough time to read LOL.
Ahahah yea sure no problem!.
Hey.
 Yeah no problem, sounds good :D.
Thanks.
do you know anyplace that i could get a list of the summer camp offers to canada.
no where public and like i said fredericton wont know where we are going till after november 14th.
oh, okay, thanks anyway. Is there a jb meeting this weekend?.
Most likely Sunday mias @ 6.
okay cool, you come to 12 hours for the homeless.
cant but i really wanted to.
ah, is megan. Do you know where the summer camps are?.
Hey Right now I'm in Toronto airport but yesterday we did chose where Freddy is going sadly our opertunitie as extreamly limated we only have one summercamp and I belive it's for 14 years olds in the winter... We really got screwed this year... I'm sorry I tryed.
Well this suck :( maybe an opportunity will present itself later on this year.  you wouldn't happen to know when our next meeting is?.
As of right now it's 16th this teusday, and I might have an oppertunity for you, it's a month long program only in Canada it's still in the works but I'm going to push it through. There's only 2 spaces avilable so you'd be somewhat conpetting with me but you have to keep it on the down low.
oh, what kind of activity is it?.
1/2 subjectAucun sujet  Okay, its called the peace bus and it drives across canada with one youth from every chapter. its 32 days long. 2/2  and it leaves from vancouver to halifax then from halifax to vancouver so freddy have two seats one each way.
is it a new program?.
1/2 subjectAucun sujet  Yes but the cach is if we dont have 2 leaders/drivers by febuary its impossable but none the less i dont want. 2/2 to start telling pepole about it and have major compatition/get there hopes up. Hey so I was watching the news this morning and u thought you might find this interestinghttp://www.cbc.ca/m/rich/news/story/2010/12/30/health-tobacco-warnings.html  And then just to be contradictory vancouver hands out lighters to stop violence?http://www.news1130.com/news/local/article/162995--vpd-using-lighters-to-fight-violence-against-women.
wow, i guess that shows you how much thet have given up on vancover already! and i feel if the canadian goverment were serious about the smoking they would out law it them!.
Yeah but you have to look at it from a party stand point PC isn't outlawing it because of the votes but they believe its unjust. Liberals won't touch the topic and the NDP there leader in BC is a "Pot" activist.
yeah, they also get a ton of cash from the ciggeret compainies because of taxes, so i guess you can understand why they dont.
NDP did?.
no the canadian government does. Hey Travis, on the peace bus registration form they ask a question, " what would be a fun 2.5-5 hour activity or project to do" what do they mean???.
There is 2 questions like that one is asking what activity you'd do with the group of people on the bus when your in freddy that incorporates the peace bus ideals (see power point). Other one is like what would be something fun that you all can do while your in Fredericton I put stuff like kayak visit fundy.
so for the first one just a random activity?. my brother said you called but i dont have your number.... atleast i dont think i do, what is up, do u need somthing???.
Hey man what up?So 2 thing pumped for maine yet!?!? Hahaha who you driving down with?And how is the joint partner ship on national camp coordinator.
hey :D yeah i am super pumped for mmc! i am driving down with my mom, liam, david and his 2 friends :D and the camp cordination is going great, we have 2-4 kids applying! so its great.
Sweet! Judy may be calling about national camp and I doubt you would squeeze me in the van hahah.
hmm i am afraid not :( what about megan is she going.
Yeah... I'm trying to avoid that complex.
Hahaha, good luck :P.
On my way to tims on smyth.
hey travis when is our next cisv jb thing?.
Hey If you have any CISV Fredericton t-shirt could you bring them to put on display for merchandise. Espcialy that yellow one that says motel earth!.
That shirt is from maine :Pahaah.
Hey you doing top the delta.
yeah i thnk so, are you?.
Maybe its at 7 eh? Who's going?.
Um, maybe  max!. cancle that! just me and you?.
How big of an inconvenience would it be to ask if you could drive me afterwards...just trying to work out logistics.
No problem. :).
I'm there bud! Should be fun.
k sounds good! :D. U here?.
Let me know when you get there 2616746.
Hey I am here!. can i get the details on the NBM. Hey travis,What programs are you applying for?.
summer camp or JC.
Summer Camp?  Arnt you 16?. Who are the LNCC this year?.
Locally? I'm not sure. hey bro,I am meeting Liam and the west bound peace bus group down town tonight if you care to join :).
Sounds good, where and when?.
730 officer square. also http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1dfEf1qOt4.
You know the way to my heart....
hey you at home, if so need a drive? because I just got fully insured on Monday and I want to see if my dad will let me take the car,. You still around.
lol. Hey Travis, I was wondering if you wanted plan an activity for the welcome back minicamp..
Hey Daniel, I'm sorry I'm in Saskatchewan that week.
haha, thats okay, good luck in Saskatchewan..
Thanks bro, but like I've said if you need me to plan an activity or work with someone to insure that there is an activity in place I will do that. Anything that you ever need just let me know.. hey bro. Hey just wanted to say happy late birthday and I hope your senior year is going well.
Thanks man! Hows RC.
its going well man how is senior year?.
I am enjoying it so far, but I will be happy when it is over..
happy to hear that, you know what you are doing next year. Hey.
Hey.
2 things first one being how did you get that amazing profile picture.
Ahahhaha photoshop $$$.
Its pretty cool. Also you recall our pal Matt Decourcy.
Ahah yeah. Why?.
Have you hear of his new endeavor.
Aahha no? Whats is it?.
Partisan politics. Runnin in the nomination of the liberals to run to be the next mp.
Really!  Wow that's ambitious!.
Its Matt though can you think of someone better.
That's true. He seems really smart. I did see this photo today..
Connor hahaha.
Ahahah. So are you working with him on the campaign.
I am, and i am wondering if youd like to chat sometime about it.
Ye ye sure thing!!!.
Super cool did you ever end.up getting a phone?.
Yeye. My number is 506 261 0224.
Sent ya a text. Hey, I am sorry it took so long for me to get this to you but, here it is simple strait forward stuff. I am wondering if you have time to meet this coming week, I know you are out of town for the weekend but hey.. https://www.liberal.ca/membership/. hey.
Hey dude! When is the meeting?.
when are we (you and I ) meeting?.
Yeye.
you tell me. wanna do friday at kunch. lunch. or no wait I cant.
What about thursday lunch?.
I don't think I can. brunch saturday. hahah'.
Im back out of town Saturday.
I could do tomarrow at like 6 but I have another meeting at 7.
Sure! Where u wanna meet? Also if I bring u 10 $ can u bring the form?.
yup, down town preferably.
Sure! Second cup?.
sounds good.
Alright see you then!.
for sure. what are you doing this weekend? The next Prime Minster will be in town.
FUCK~. I leave this weekend!. I wanted to see old stevo.
Hey.
 Here you go, sorry they're so late..
Great thanks daniel. See you at school..
lol @ how awkward those messages with Rons Blue were... What are we going to do......
I know, super weird.. Maybe we should think of another documentary idea or we could think of doing a non-documentary film. Either way, we should get together sometime this weekend and brainstorm/write the proposal..
Yea, Have you had any brain waves?.
Not right off the top of my head, no. Would you be up for a brainstorming session tomorrow or sunday?.
Yeah, that sounds good, tmr afternoon at the library?.
Maybe, I can't promise for sure yet..
Alright, I am free on sunday too if that is better for you..
Actually today's looking good for me. I was talking to my dad about the Bhutanese thing and I actually think it could really work. When would be a good time for you?.
hows two?.
Sure. You want to meet at the public library?.
yea.
sick dude I'll be there..
ITS CLOSED!~ DONT GOOOOOOOOOO.
Shit man, I walked all the way there and back... worst idea ever. We'll do this tomorrow..
ahhaha K.
Hey dude, I'll be out until 2:30/3ish but then I'll be good to work on the proposal..
kso like 3 30 at the library.
Sure. Is the library open today though?.
Shit its not, where do you want to meet?.
We could just do it at my place if you want..
Sounds good.
You could come earlier if you wanted to since I'm back sooner than I thought. Any time after 3 works..
KK.
I'm sending an email to someone who I think will be able to get us some contacts for the Bhutan project. Could you give me your email address so I can copy you into the email?.
Sweet! Daniel_lutes@yahoo.com.
We gots ourselves a contact!Hi Jack, You can contact Mr. Rabsel Dawa, the President of the Bhutanese Student Association. He would be happy to help you. His email address is l6734@unb.ca Best of luck, Nadya.
SWEET! Now e]we.
Hey man, I drafted an email to the president of the Bhutanese Student Association. If I left anything out, tell me and I'll try and get the email sent today.Dear Mr. Rabsel Dawa,My name is Jack Ball and I'm a grade 11 student at Fredericton High School. For a school project, my friend Daniel Lutes and I decided we wanted to film a short documentary about the Bhutanese community in Fredericton and about the history of the relationship between UNB and Bhutan. We were wondering if you and/or others from the Bhutanese community would be interested in helping us by allowing us to set up and film interviews with you, and allowing us to get footage at any cultural events you may be holding in the near future. Your help would be greatly appreciated and we hope that the final product would bring more attention to Bhutan's presence in Fredericton and the importance of the relationship between Canada and BhutanLet us know what your thoughts are on this project!Sincerely,Jack Ball.
Looks great. Send dat shit.
Sick, consider it done.. I just forwarded you the response from the Bhutanese guy I emailed! Things are looking good!.
I just read the email! so glad we have someone! Do you think we should also interview some nepali FHS students?.
Yeah, me too! I copied you in on my response as well.And yeah, we definitely should look into interviewing some of the FHS students. Would you be able to contact them?.
yea, sure. Okay so I made contact with some and they seem kinda reluctant. So were at a maybe right now...
Okay, well no worries if they don't want to. We'll keep trying though..
If they dont want to they may find someone who will.
Yeah, sounds good!. Hey man, did Ms McAllister give any info for the test tomorrow?.
lol.
lol bit late for that now.... Hey big D, when are you free to do our semester project journal?.
I asked Prescott and she said each member has to do one..
Ohhhh, okay thanks. Is there any format we have to follow?.
I dont know, I think I am just going to do MLA to be safe. Did she say how long it needed to be.
No, I don't think she said how long.. When do you think we should have a meeting with the President of the Bhutanese Student Association? Maybe this week?. Also, if you wanted to get together today and do a little bit of planning and stuff, I'd be up for that. (And that would also give us more hours to count towards our journals.).
yeah that would be good. Where do u want to meet up?.
Could we do it later? (Maybe after dinner?) I could get a drive over to your place or something..
Sure, my address is 75 coburn dr..
Sick dog, when should I come?.
like  6 or 7 doesn't matter. I guess when ever you are done your dinner..
alright sounds good. I'm coming in ~15min.
kk se ya then bra.
Would you be free to meet with that guy for the Bhutan project this weekend? (Sunday is best for me).
Sunday! good, sounds good ball!. Me and Richard are making a movie tomorrow want to cameo in it... WE NEED YOU!.
Sorry man, gotta write my essay...
S'all good, we already filmed it. So Dawa hasn't responded yet.....
Nope.. where should I suggest we meet with Dawa?.
The SUB.
Alright sounds good!. I think Dawa wants to do the interview tomorrow so make sure you have all your stuff for filming. and also, make sure you clear off your memory cards and all that jazz.. I'll bring my camera and tripod as well.. And I said we could meet him out in front of the building tomorrow..
Sweet!.
Make sure you bring all your memory cards!!.
K, ill bring 2 16's and an 8..
Great, that should do.. Let's try to meet at the SUB a little early. Around 1:15?.
k. Hey, I couldn't find Ms. Anderson today so I sent her an email and asked her, but she said "we don't have the clearance for you to do that." So I guess it is a no go... Maybe bring your camera just in case....
Okay, thanks for trying.. Hey man, could I borrow your shotgun mic tomorrow? I want to film the Cherry Orchard..
Sure thang! It is at Richards, we could drop it at your place, or at the school. What is best for you?.
Could you possibly drop it off at the school before 1? Or at my house before 12?. I won't be able to check facebook anymore so text me so we can figure this out. 506-261-2445. Would you be available to interview my dad this weekend for the documentary? I was thinking Sunday morning..
Hey, Sorry i didn't get back to you, I was away this weekend.
No worries, it wasn't a good weekend for me either..
Do you think there is a classroom where we could film in tomorrow?.
I don't know, we could probably find one though! Maybe Prescott would let us?.
Ya, and even if we cant use her room she can maybe find a place for us. Can you bring your camera, and tripod tomorrow..
Yeah, for sure!. Are you down for working on posters/commercials after school tomorrow?.
Ya sure, sorry about today, I forgot I had a dentist appointment at the end of the day..
no worries, I had band anyway. As long as I have them for Monday it should be fine!.
Hahah, just dont tell mr peters..
oh my god.. i'm probably going to end up just losing it with him one of these days..... #mostannoyingman2013. Hey man, I don't know if you're going to be back in time, but I have an interview with another Bhutanese UNB student lined up for Wednesday at lunch. Richard will be driving us to the SUB..
Ya, Ill be back by then.
I'm trying to reschedule the interview till Sunday or Monday. I'll let you know what happens.
KK sweet.
Interview is set for tomorrow, 1 o'clock at Renaissance College.
Sweet, see you there!.
Sorry Daniel, change of plans again. We're going to do tomorrow at 4pm instead..
Sounds good!.
Do you want to do some editing together tomorrow as well?.
Sure, when?.
I could come over to your place at like 1 or something?. today might also be a good day to get some of the extra footage we need.. If you came over here, we could shoot some stuff around UNB and downtown..
Aright, Ill be over at like 1. And Richard will be there too,].
cool, make sure you bring my memory card too.. hey man, could we film an interview with that Bhutanese lady on Friday at lunch?.
I am getting my wisdom teeth out tmr, so I wont be at school Friday..
Oh, right. I'll see if I can do it with richard or something.. Will you be up for doing an interview on Saturday with a UNB education prof?.
Ill see how I feel tmr.
Hey man, interview today at 4. Meet outside my dad's office in Tilley Hall (he's getting me into a spare classroom) if you're feeling up for it.. I've got us an interview with a prof in education who has been to Bhutan 10+ times. It's tomorrow at 1:30, meeting at Marshal D'Avray!.
I am not really feeling that great...
Okay no worries. I'll let you know how it went.. Will we be able to edit this weekend?. I have footage from the last two interviews on my memory card. I can drop it off for you sometime today if you'd like..
Wanna edit tmr at my place like all for a while.
Sure, when should I come?.
1?.
Okay, I'll be there!. When should I come over?.
1 30.
okay sounds good. Would it be best to put the video on dropbox or something when it's done instead of youtube?.
It is taking forever to export. Every thing is good but it doesn't have the name placards. I guess we will just have to go without and use this one..
Could we make another version later with the names?.
yea, like for when we show it sure. ].
Okay, sounds good.. Are you going to bring it on a usb tomorrow?.
Yeah. But I am also going to put it on youtube because the video is like 450mb..
Okay, cool. Send me a link when it's up.. how's it coming?.
I am making an account to post it on. and then It will be up.
sounds good!.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7yQAITlAFQ&feature=youtu.be.
sick. We should probably do some touch up work before we do the viewing, but it looks really good!.
yea.
I think we should postpone our viewing until Monday lunch next week so we have more time to tell people about it..
makes sense. Do you think Prescott will be okay with that?.
She'll understand. I'll make a facebook event to help get the word out..
KK sweet.
Bring a still of the title or something to Mardi Gras tomorrow so we can make the event page together and have a picture to use as the event picture..
Here.
Cool, I'll make the event tomorrow. When are you free to do a final edit?.
Like sunday?.
Sure, I'm free all day Sunday I think.
How about 3.
cool, I made the event: https://www.facebook.com/events/458566807569706/invite people to it!.
See ya.
I'll be there soon bro.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go544Kx1Leg.
Looks awesome!!! Can you bring it on a memory card for tomorrow! I don't want to risk having a slow internet connection or something..
kk.
Awesome work by the way dude. I owe you so much..
\You too. <3 <3 #StarStruck.
when we gettin' married ;). babe. Could you take down the rough cut of the documentary?.
i did. i think.
Oh, good!.
How long does our responce need to be?.
Ohhh shit. I don't know.. I still need to start it.
Ill ask the group.
Hey man, Milan is wondering if he can get a copy of his interview. Since he's not in the documentary.
Hmmm, did he ask you?.
Yeah.
Shit.. Oh wait, he just want the interview]. not the doc.
Yeah. I already told him he's not in it. . here's an updated version with the discussion. it's short because i didn't really know what else to write about. So feel free to add to it and change anything..
f(x)=7sin(3πx-2)-3. WHATS THE PHASE.
Shoot I don't remember how.....
Got it. Dont worry.
Kk. cot(-pi/2) ... i think i have the right answer but it keeps rejecting it.
Whats the original equation?.
it just says solve for that. or "evaluate" I guess.
tan (2/-pi).
still not working wtf.
I have no clue.
Should i be set to radians or degrees?.
Radians.
Okay, well it's that doesn't help. I think it's broken. Do you know how to do this:cos(t) = 1/2   solve t as multiple of pi. Do you know what the essay questions are?.
ahah No, Joli is supposed to send them to me so when I get them ill send them ur way.
thanks homie. I was there every day but somehow missed them haha.
Hey man, what did you get on the lab in physics (We probably got the same thing). I wasnt ther.
I got 10..
I hope i did :P U studying physics?.
Yeah I fucking hate this shit niw. here ya go. enjoy, xoxo.
thx bbg. .
Thanks, good job tonight!.
Can u send me peter pacey's email..
sure it's calithumpians@gmail.com.
thx.
did you do the chem homework?.
Naw. I didnt go today..
right, kk. I was there but I don't listen to goodefellow to i don't know how to do it. are you gonna go tomorrow?.
Ahha. Yea. I prob should...  if daniel he is up I think he did them.
Okay, well see you tmr then.
Cya.
. . did you hear anything?.
Yea. I didn't get it.  :/.
Yeah Adrianna didnt get in either. i really want one of you two.. wanted.
So I guess Harry got it?.
I dunno i guess so..
I thought that adriana was gonna be a shoe in for the spot. She is better than Kristen....
Yeah i thought so too..
I wonder what girl got it?.
i dont know. probably that Brittany girl or something..
Was that the Brock gurl.
no the unb girl.
Oh shit yea, her. Did u go to that feminist night thing tonight?.
No, I couldn't make it.. Where can i find info about course registration for mcgill?.
one sec ill send the link.
okay thanks!.
http://www.mcgill.ca/newstudents/datestonote. on the 17th i think.
Thanks this should help!.
np.
I'm looking at one of the first year seminar courses and according to Minerva, it's already full... what's that all about?.
wtf???.
yeah i know. I'll send a pic.
I dont think anyone is allowed to register yet...
Yeah according to what you sent me, no one is. . Oh registration opened in april for that course wtf.
What the hell! How do u look at courses?.
I went into minerva-student menu-registration.
okay swwwet thx.
No problem.. just to warn you, it's really damn confusing.
hahah, yea i see that now ..
Unless you've memorized all the department abbreviations of course.
I did, now i am falling all of my classes.
Oh well. You'll come out on top.. http://www.mcgill.ca/oasis/ba/freshman/approved this is really helpful for arts course.
soo much better.
Hahah yeah. We can take courses that start with 2 right?.
yea!.
Sick, thx!. .
haahahahahhahaah i want brad to hug me.
Who doesn't??. Brad Woodside has such a beautiful soul. (Not to mention his beautiful bod).
Hot damn aint that the truth. Hows the chem goin?.
It's goin okay. I'm almost done the review package. Have you seen the insane drama on the mcgill group lol.
Ahahha. No I haven't been looking!!! Haha what is it???.
Some girl called out this guy for supposedly being sexist. and then the world exploded.. Kinda funny.
Ahhahahaha where is the post? ??.
It's the Courtney Shelds girl. She's made a bunch of posts hahah. Wait most of them have been deleted nvm.
ahahai just saw the post where she was exposed as a fraud..
The one about how the pic was from google images? hahah i hope she becomes my best friend.
haahha, it will be sad if it is really her, and the pic isnt fake... and shell spend the year convincing people that she exists but no one believed hers....
Let's face it though. It's probably a 45 year old truck driver sitting in his basement fucking with everyone.
ahahah, or the president of McGill?!.
hahahahh omg that would just make my day. how's chem going for you?.
haha, um i have looked over the notes for like an hour and thats it. I have no motivation at all..
Yeah I'm pretty unmotivated myself. I just fucking hate chemistry so much. Wanna group study somewhere tomorrow?.
ahah, Yea sure, At the sub?.
Yeah that'd work.
What time?.
I dunno I'm just gonna be at home all day so makes no difference for me!.
how bout 1?.
Yeah that's fine with me!. I have to write a music essay so I'll do that in the morning and then chem at 1.
sound good. See you then!.
Yup see ya!.
Were gonna have a friend in montreal next year!.
Hahahah wow Ravi lol.
. literally in tears https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/168681_10150407796675301_7456308_n.jpg?oh=233a2aefc9965006818e5e687fe93687&oe=54952E9F&__gda__=1418246515_0d6dc468b8a220be8330a07fa11b02134.
Oh my fucking god this is so gross. I thought I had forgotten about this sad piece of history ahahah. . sexypic.
Im terrified.  1 second after this photo was taken he judo flip her so hard her heart exploded.. Hey man do you want to go to Kingston  the weekend of Nov. 14 to see dic du?.
sure! That would be sweet!!. We'd take the bus or something?.
Yeah, i am looking at tickets and its like 60 bucks there and back.
Okay, that's not bad at all.
but the longer we wait to book the higher the price gets. I was thinking of leaving on 130 friday, and coming back at 4 20 sunday.
That would work for me!. Oh shit wait... I'll have to think about it. I have a whole bunch of big shit due the week. afer. *the week after.
we could go a week later if u want?.
That would be way better. so leave on nov 21, back on nov 23?.
yeah.
That would be awesome!.
KK sweet. Ill see if dic is around then?. he. is. haha.
okay cool!.
Shit its alot cheaper!. like $25 + tx there and back.
That's awesome!!.
If you want I can book ur tickets and u can pay me cash.
Turns out I agreed to be in an effusion gig on the 22nd, but I'm going to try to get out of it and if I can I'll definitely come with you. Sorry for being a problem... hahah.
Ahaha, S'all good!.
It's just a small gig so I can probably get out of it. I really wanna go to Kingston fuck.
I hope you can come, we'll fucking burn Kingston to the ground!.
what else is there to do in kingston anyway??.
There are a bunch of Jails there, so we could break some ppl out..
they could help set the fires! its so perff.
Wanna get dinner tmr night ya dirtbag?.
Yeah for sure! I finish class at 5:30, wanna meet at rvc around then?.
Sounds good dawg!.
Kk, see you then!. dude i found these really sketchy tunnels in douglas...we need to film a horror movie.
Fuck yeah. Where are they in doug?.
The entrance is near my room and it goes under the courtyard across to the other side of the building..
Sick! Yeah we should  def shoot something!.
hey when are you taking the bus? is it dec. 18th?.
The the one at 10 pm.
cool, so do I buy separate tickets from orleans express and maritime bus?.
Naw. Just buy from orleans and both will be included..
thanks homie!.
Np bbg. .
two Sun Kil Moon tracks coming atchuhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7yYMfjVNJchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibSEvkMxwkI.
Thx dood. Ill give these a listen when im in rez.
Np.
Yo.
what up?.
Some one posted this in the molson group if u want to use it. its the world of chem food que cards. http://quizlet.com/74829119/chem-of-food-midterm-2-flash-cards/.
oh shittt. amazing, thanks dude!.
Np. looks pretty fucking long man. goodluck.
thanks, i'm dreading it hahah. Hey man, I'm doing a lease application. Could you be a personal reference for me?.
Lol sure.. What do I gotta do?.
I just need your name, current address and telephone number.
should I use my res address?.
Yeah.
3915 rue University  Room 329Montreal, QC H3A 2B6Canada.. 506 261 0224.
Thanks dude, let me know if you need a ref sometime.
yeah thx. So who u movin in with?.
Monica and Mike Costain. Hopefully, but we might not get the applications in fast enough for this one. Dannyboy, you should come to Effusion this Sunday if you're free.. I guarantee you will have a good time and meet hawt babes or something.
i have a midterm nxt dayyyyy.
Damn.... U could YOLO it??. Or alternatively I could write it for u.
That would be gr8. You could pass for me. We are both hot as FUCK..
What's the topic? I should warn you.. I am a master of coding..
ITs a singing midterm, so i could use your help.
gr8 I'm on ittt.
. Jack ball as a young woman.
So pwettt. Pwetty.
yo triva is at 730.
Oh. Well we should do one or the other.
We called alvin in so were gonna have a team of 6 for trivia.
So we're doing that for sure?.
Ye. Other dudes will have to make a new team I guess.
Yeah for sure. I'll be at the cellar at 7:30 then.
Sounds good!. U going to the eric of many hats show?.
Naw first c-thump party is tonight.
Aw kk.
Are you gonna go to it?.
Idk maybe..
I would definitely be going otherwise.
Ball at 1.
Damn we're doing overtime.
Ur workign?.
Yeah :(.
You working tonight?.
Ye man. You home?.
Yeee. I wanted 2 ball. But i dunno if it will be 2 l8. Still havent 8.
Hahah all the numbers. Wanna come chill at Max Kerr's tonight?.
Whos goin?.
Not really sure. All I know is me and liz (one of the cthumps). But max is definitely inviting some other ppl.
Yea sure. What time u heading overr,.
Hike ends at 11 but you can totally head over earlier if you wanna. We can pick you up on the way tho!.
Ye sounds good!!.
Awesome dude! I'll text you when we coming!.
Niceee.
Chance is gonna be in mtl in october.
Wtf. Lets go dude!.
definitely!. october 21 i think.
How much for tix.
Oh shit sooo expensive. $50.
Ahahha. Damn. Whose opening for him?.
might be too much for me idk. opening isn't announced.
Ye. Idk. I wonder if he would be good live..
yeah I'll have to think about it. if it was like $20 i would definitely go.
Ye same.
Did you get to see rtj?.
Im still in freddy man.. I leave tonight.
Oh oops.
U going to sappy?.
Nah not this timw. .
Ahahhahahahahahaahaahhahahahah. Yo can u send me that pick of me and olivier.
Yeah sure dude. .
Thx a be. Hey slut! U coming 2 OAP?.
Heard the new freddie gibbs album?. https://youtu.be/23O2U41p6cY. you'll like this one. dope sampling.
Fuck that is a great song. it also makes me want to rewatch the wire. lol.
Yeah man same!!!. Hearing that sample was so great.
Yea man, fucking wallace was the one of my fav's.
Yeah and D'angelo. And that was one of my fave scenes too. So good.
http://pitchfork.com/news/63166-kanye-west-changes-album-title-once-again/. You were right ahah!.
YES!. Thank fuck. Glad he took my advice!.
ahaha, Yea, me too..
Wait WAVES?????. That is so much worse ugh. i hate kanye west wtf.
AHah. Idk how he comes up with the names for his albums. Random word generator.
Hate him. so bad!.
lol. I hope the songs will be better then tittle..
Yeah hopefully we can look past that.
Hey man congratz on the final show of rent!!!. . We are all possessed by demons!!! HELP.
Thanks babessss. tell Abbey Happy Bidet!!!!. Getting zombie obliterated.
Ahahah us too!!!!. Jack missed a call from you.. Lol that was abbey.
Hey, my brother is in town and interested in checking out an economics and/or comp sci class. I figured you're the guy to ask about that. Are you in any tomorrow afternoon that you could maybe take him to? Or would you at least be down to like describe the programs a little bit to him?.
Yea def dude. I only have one class tmr. Its at 430 in Macdonald G-10. Its a comp sci class. He can definitely come check it out..
Dope. I'll give him your number. Thanks dude.
Np. Anything for lil pete.
Hahah anything for the lil squirt. hey man, you in mclen?.
YEa. Im heading down to priemier moisson. Check that spelling out!.
dope spelling!. you coming back up later? imma grab a seat somewhere, should i save u one near by?.
sure. where u at?.
haven't settled into anywhere yet. third floor good?.
Sound good 2 me!.
2?. bitch i said three.
hahaha learn how 2 read.
ohhhh shit ur right. kk i'll update u on my exact location....when i have found it.
Sweet!.
ok so here's the situation. third floor is packed. i could only find single seats. so im sitting at the windows by the stairs temporarily. but it's kinda distracting hearing people talk in the entrance so i may go elsewhere. i'll save the seat for you tho.
Kk so 3rd floor?.
yep.
Yo, I just walked past u and there were no seats. I found a single seat elsewhere. Imma just study here. Lemme know when u want to go to Vua tho..
Yeah, that's what I was thinkin. Library is fuckin packed. when do you want to go? I'm ready any time.
Yea im down 2 go now.
Kk meet in the main lobby in 5?.
kk sounds good.
rachel in the loop?.
yup.
kk see ya in a sec. robbie lynn is in town tomorrow, wanna go out for drinks with us?. /does your exam schedule allow for that?.
Naw, i wish, I really need 2 study. Send my love 2 rebound tho..
fuck u nerd. but fine, i'll send plenty of love and good passes.
Just dont give me a swirly.
Go Lakers!.
HARVEY 4 LYFE.
what's your exam schedule?.
Monday, Wednesday Thursday..
ew yeah ok i get you. are you done after thurs?.
yeeeeee.
that's nice!.
yo. Wanna get dinner with me josh and rach friday nite?.
dammit I'm leaving today!. i'll be at oap this afternoon though!. worst thing about casey neistat is definitely the titles of his videos tho. His click baiting tactics are out of control. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snQXgWU89HM lol.
Ahahha. Yo u coming over to watch the raptors game?.
Yeah man I want to. Gonna see if i can get a drive. 4:30?. I'll be there. Robdog is driving me.
Doppe.
game tonight?.
Ye dude. Come to Tess's.
The newly widowed?.
lol. The one and only.
you there now?.
Naw not yet..
K i'll be there for 9:30.
Dope. Hey man me rich and liam are watching the raps game at my place if ur free..
Going to Max's to watch it! Have a good one!. This is rly sad :(.
Ur telling me!!!.
Done with this game.
Im done with the fucking 6!!!.
Views from the Stix.
. Yo. U comjng 2 abbeys at 12 for rachels lunch???.
Ya man, I'm gonna try to be there on time!.
Kk dope. Richard can pick u up on the way if u want..
I think I'm good!.
Kk.
. Meant to send u this. Check it bruhhhh.
Damnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn, Thats so fucking good. Just listened to the whole album..
RIGHT?. That's the way to go to. Gotta listen to it straight through in one sitting to do it justice. Danman wanna grab a beer tonight? In like an hour or so? Recreate that dieu Du ciel pic?.
Yea sure in down. Where u wanna go?.
Somewhere in the middle of our two places so neither of us have to go to far?. Like any of those st lau places? Biftek or majestique or something?.
Id be down to dieu du ciel, been craving a good brew. Or do u think it would be 2 busy 2nite?.
I'm totally down, just didn't wanna suggest it cuz it's so easy for me to get to hahah. We could defs get a table with 5 mins.
kk dope! meet there at 11?.
Sounds good bruh!. Listen to FIRST DAY OUT (Prod. Kill Jacob) by Samron Agnew #np on #SoundCloudhttps://soundcloud.com/samronagnew/firstdayout.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_2946471239&feature=iv&src_vid=4kSGkGKwp9U&v=rORIDYHOFTQ.
That was so good damn, makes me love the show even more. Hey good luck with your interviews.
Yea. Its dope! And thanks man!.
You should check out the new saba album. I think you'd dig it.
Yoo. I was so good.
Right?. Love the second verse of Stoney so much. Dope production all around too. Would say it's kinda derivative in places tho. Track 4 sounds like a Kendrick song to me. Could I leave my guitar at your place tmr morning?. I'm playing at this thing tmr night on campus.
yea sure! What time?.
i have class at 9:30, could i stop by on the way?.
sure.
early, i know. thanks dude.
np man.
thanks!.
When u get here tmr morning give me a call and ill buzz u in frm my room..
Are you gonna be around for the next few hours?.
Im going to the trib at like 7:30. When do u need ur guitar?.
My thing's at 8, but I don't mind picking up my guitar earlier if necessary.
Kk. Ill be home till then so come pick it up whenever..
K I'll come over at like 7.
.
Drinks tn?.
Actually i have plans i am going 2 vice and verses with rachel and some fucking freak!. Ohhhhhhhhh w8 thats u!??!?! Oppppps.
Lemme guess....jack?. Fuck that guy. Oppppps. Lolol. If u wanna go a bit earlier I'd b down. Since Rachel is going to some other event. Cuz she's a "soc".
Hey us greasers have 2 stick 2 gether.. I have ed board tonight, so i should be done around 930ish.
Tite, I'd be down to meet there at 10:30.
Kk sounds good!.
Dope bruh. Wei's coming too. 10:30?.
Josh is coming. And he is just showering now. So a little l8er. Whats the place called?.
Vices and versa. Best way to get there is st lau bus.
Kk it says it takes 30 mins 2 get there by bus. So we prob wont be there till 1045-11.
Cool, text me when you're leaving your place.
Omy. Omw.
Kk.
Where u at?. https://m.soundcloud.com/harryplumber/dont-feel-bad.
Fuck ya love this. Balls to the walls is my fave. good call not coming to dance party. there was 5 ppl there lol.
Ahahahahha. When u heading back 2 the 506?.
tomorrow morning. driving with michael leger. wbu?.
Ahahaha really? Im going back on the 21st..
yeah and his sister and his sister's bunny lmao. nice.
Ahahah. Are u gonna ride a horse back?.
ahahahah.
Now that he is a cowboy.
only mode of transportation. its so green.
Ahahahah.
fuck if it wasn't winter i wouldn't be surprised. pulls up in full 1860s attire.
Ahahahah..
with plato under his arm.
Philosopher Cowboy Genius Michael Leger.
saving the world one bail of hay at a time. Hey, you seen la la land?.
Ye man saw it over the break.. We should watch a movie on Thursday.
Kk, yeah let's do that. Cheap night at cinema du parc on tuesday. So I'm probably gonna go see something there tonight.
oh dope. yo. jake the snake. Trivia tmr night. u down?.
Yesssss, where isss it.
Ye old orchard pub lol.
Lol what time?.
we are going at 7ish.
Most recent clickhole he said what is legendary.
Hahahahahaja. Wut up 2nite. Rachel is saying movies or drinks?.
Wei and I were thinking of seeing Manchester by the sea at the forum, but that's not set in stone. Drinks sounds good for sure.
Okay sounds good. Let me know whats going on later 2nite..
Will do. What's your plan? If you guys are watching a movie at your place, I'm game to do that instead of spending money at the forum..
Me rachel and josh are going 2 c a movie at Cinema Du Park. We were planning on seeing Moonlight or Jackie. If u wanna come we will c jackie tho..
Kk, I think we will stick to our forum plan so we can see Manchester by the sea but let's meet up for drinks after for sure. PS go to moonlight.
Ye ye sounds good.
Not that I've seen Jackie, but. ...
Ye !. Yoo we are watching fences at my place 2nite at 9. U wanna come over?.
Damn I just made plans to see la la land. So many movies....So little time.
Aww shit. Kk, I am curious 2hear what u think of la la land.
Cool, maybe drinks after!.
yea I. i'd be down!.
Tight I'll be in touch. Hey sorry I dropped the ball on drinks! let's do that tmr night?.
Sall good!! Ye ye.
Where dya wanna drink?.
Im down 4 du de or resivoir.
DDC would be tight. Was at reservoir yesterday.
Kk sg what time were u thinkin?.
How about 9:30?.
Can we do 10?.
Yeah for sure!.
Kk doppe. C u there.
You at home?.
Yee.
I'm coming over.
Kk!. Yo man, I don't think I am gonna make it 2 the parti, im still hung from lastnight. Happy Bday tho! Pull a couple of fire alarms in my honour!.
Dude come. Only solution for a hangover is drinking more. !. If you don't come tonight wanna go to 20th century women tmr night?.
Ye def!!.
615 showing? Drinks after?. (at forum).
yea, sure!.
Tight. You'll get to meet my English lit pal lilika. meet at forum around 6?. invite holden and josh if you haven't already!.
ye ye sounds good!.
We could also go to the salesman if you wanna go to a later movie.
Ye both sound good. When is salesman?.
710/930.
Im down for whatever. What u sayin?.
I'm at DDC right now and I would have to rush for the 615 show so I'm thinking salesman would be better. Maybe the 710?.
Ye sure!.
I'll be at your place in 30!.
Kk sg!. Yooii. Where u at?.
Hey homie, wanna grab a drink tonight?.
Cant 2nite. What about tmr night?.
Dammit I'm busy tmr night..
God dammit! Lol well hit me up anytime during the week im always down for some suds!.
New sun kil moon album bruh.
Im downloading it rn! Have u listened 2 it yet?.
Not yet but I've heard really good things!. Definitely gonna give it a listen the second I'm home. 9 from fantano. Holy fuck track two. Ahahah such a funny album I love this.
ahaha I am half way through. So fucking weird. I love it.
Half music half...diary?.
i read that as dairy first hahahahahah. ye too tue.. true*.
No I meant half dairy!!. Other half was soy!.
YUM!.
Doing anything later?.
yea, im studying :''''(.
No. Come chill for a bit. Boys nighr.
i wishhhhhh.
Do it for kdot. Ok I'm done peer pressuring, sry. Good luck with the studies. Doing anything tn?. Finishes a zammy and looking for fun times!.
Yoo. Yea. I have 2 go a party for a bit at some point. But im down! Were u thinking du de ciel?.
I'm down for wherever. But ddc is always a great option!. I'm down to chill late btw if you're going to the party first.
ye, sure. ill prob leave the party at 12 if thats good w/ u.
Sounds good!. Ddc?. whatcha saying?.
Yee. Imma walk up at 1230.
Kk, see ya in a few.
Yo where u at?.
Oh shit sorry thought you meant leaving at 1230. I'll be there in 2 mins.
Naw. I did.
Ohh.
Im walking up now.
I'm at home.
Ill stop by ur place..
Kk sounds good.
Like illbe outfront what street are u on again?.
Fairmount.
Out front!.
"is it wickedness / is it weakness / you decide / are we gonna live or die?" You decide whether kendrick lives or dies, depending on if you play the album forward or backwards.
yoo can u link that articlee?.
https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/65kqe9/a_tale_of_two_kendricks_my_damn_theory/. just some rando on reddit lol. the last pic omg.
Ahahahahahhahahaha. This video is really just a tribute to Joe English!.
It's truly the best photo of us!!.
Drinky tonight?.
On route to mtl. Woulda messaged you last night but i had to pack.
kk, ill hit u up when im in mtl.
When are you getting here?.
The 9th.
Dope. Might have a party that night.
Oh nice!.
Yeah!. Looking forward to catching up with ya!.
Yeah man!.
still down for owners saturday?? i'm gonna reserve tix.
yeaaa, josh is too!.
tight. 3 tickets comin up.
noice!.
What time should I come over?.
7 good 4 u?.
Sure!. I'm going to a in the mile end after, wanna come?. a party **.
Yea, maybe! i'll see how im feeling after the play. Im kinda tired. Whose party?.
I don't know them super well one of them I know from classes/mutual friends. But I think I know a bunch of ppl going lol.
cool!. Yea, Im down!.
Tight!. Leaving my place now I'll be there in 20ish.
Kk!.
big news.
Oh fuck yea!.
i'll see ya there.
Yesss.
Did you wanna see a movie tonight? Florida project?.
Lets go next week. If that works for u. I have a midterm on Thursday...
Hey.
 hey :D nice to meet you i am Canadian :P.
nice to meet you too! what part of canada are you from?.
im from the east coast i live like an hour away from maine, so have u done any cisv stuff before?.
oh cool! and nope this will be the first thing i have done.
hahah cool are you excited ??? :D.
yes!! i am very excited!are you excited??.
haha yeah of coarse!! so what do u do for fun in Indiana  ?.
well, i go to the beach, i play soccer and softball, i swim, hang out with friends. and a lot of other things. what do you do in canada?.
hahaha, pretty much the same, :P except i don't play softball :P so have you met your leader yet??.
haha! and yea! she is really nice. have you met yours?.
ahah no, i get to meet, him or her tomorrow :P i hope she is nice :D.
oh haha, i met mine at selection weekend.
haha yeah, well, we didnt even know that there was a summer camp when we went to selection mini camp :p how long have u know you where going?.
since February 13th.
ahah damn, we found out like a week ago :P.
really? do you like your delegation?.
yeah well i went on an interchange with two of them and the third one is new, but they are all really nice :D ahve you added them yet?.
thats good! and nope not yet.
do you want there names :D?.
sure and thank you! (:.
here :"Dhttp://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=1069965490http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/lammy.matsonhttp://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=100001846460977.
thank you again!. Hey Daniel!! How are you?.
Hey i am doing pretty good, same old, but i am getting super excited for camp! what about you?.
Im doing alright, but I could be better. Im really excited for camp!! I cant wait! so what have you been doing lately?.
hahah lots of school stuff :( hahah and we are starting to get into lots of CISV stuff too :D ahah what about you?.
Hey.
 Hey man did they do room check on our floor 2day?.
Hey.
 yeah chrispy 999 add me.
k added, im dancom93.. no mic yet, waiting it for it to arrive..
K i will add you tomorrow. hey can I still buy that lazar pointer if I give u $25.
"batteries not included" :/.
No. I want them or I won't buy it.
you know that sam guy? do you have his phone number? this asswon't stop calling me.
sam who?.
sam allen. http://www.facebook.com/Samuel.the.sly.fox.
no i dont have it.
can u try asking him it or something?.
i never talk to him he does not go to our school.
yea i know hes in george but ask on fb or something?.
Hey can i use you pay pal i wanna buy some clothes online so will you lte me use it i will pay you the amount that it cost as well as 10 for using it???????????????.
what was that site where u bought those things from?.
dream job sheet.
whaaa? not our homework (i dont know where u got that from)what was that website where u bought those clothes n stuff?.
hahah oh, why?.
i have money on my paypal and nothing to buy lol.
oh, well my fav sites are dogfunk and karmaloop.
oh shit shit shit shit shit, i lost my dream job sheetwhat info do we need?.
not telling, unless u by me somthing on one of those sites :D. ill pay, you just oder it with urs?.
okay okay, what do u want?.
what site are u buying froom?.
prob karmaloop.
oh cool man, you serious? when u buying?.
i dont know when, just find something and tell me the homework lol.
give me a date.
whenever i find something good, its my money i can buy it now if i want.
okay one sec ill type it up. whats ur email ill scan it and send it.
dancom96@gmail.comi thought it was like 4 sentences..?. might as well scan the answers too ;).
fuuny.
wheres the sheeet?. that sheet does not make ANY SENSE.
translate it!.
can we write it in english?. how long do they take to ship?.
Um I have no clue 1-2 weeks, when I check out you can choose how fast, but 1-2 weeks is the cheapest.
isn't it a beauty?. it just brings tears to my eyes.
Who ever made this was clearly on acid..
Hey Daniel, did you actually get 97% on that essay or were you just fucking with rizzie c haha.
Fucking wit ro chen, and I would suggest you do the same..
haha altright.
What do we need to write for the body paragraphs?.
She just expects you to have 3 paragraphs done for your essay.
kk.
I don't think she's checking, but I assume its for the writing workshop.
she said she was.
ahh did you ask her?.
she said at the end o'class.
Ah okay.
have you done the chem homework yet?.
hey daniel, did you write the test today?.
ya,. easy, but longggg.
ah ok.
did not finish long.
Fuck really?. I heard Ben didn't finish.
Its not hard though, its just tooo long.
Did he not let people do it during the break or was he strict about that.
No, he let us go into break, but start early Monday.
Alrightt. Dude if you have a chance could you send me those pics from UNB if u still have them?.
sec. .
Thx babe 󾌬.
What room??.
4. hey karim!. do you mind helping a brotha out and sending me + big rick the quiz. thanks bro! :*.
Is this it?.
think so. hey karim. can u send me the quiz <3 <3. Hey best friend!. Are the textbook chem questions due tmr?.
Waasnt in class 2day. Did u do the bonus? ?.
yee. http://www.scienceforums.net/topic/14278-awesome-chemistry-question-you-try-it-out-yourself/. the answer's there. he does the ice chart wrong. but just follow the steps.
Sweeet thx!!.
do u have worksheet 18-5 and 18-6?.
Leeme check.
do you have ittt.
No. I cant find it anywhere.  What was on the quizz Friday?.
just ksp stuff. pretty simple. what about 18-7?.
None of the. I don't think Christmas assigned them. ..did thr quiz have tip???.
yeah. its like. will this precipitate or not.
Kk thx.
hey, can you get a hold of richard?.
He's at the award thing 4 his dad.
ahh do you know if he's going to pick you up first ?.
Idk. Do u Have a pick ofWS 19-2. ?.
Yo Dan u going to Liam's?.
Yey.
Can u get me dranks.
Ahah no. Actually. Ya. Actually. Ya.
Ok. Can u get me a 375ml bot of skyy. How much $$ do u want. Actually. The bigger bot.
How much is that.
Nvm. Just get the 355 one. Rich was gon drink 2. Th smallest one. Should be approx size of my cock. Give or take 0.6mm. Tell me how much you want.
Like 20.
OK babe. yo do u have the quizz.
I WISH. Do u have a pic of ws 22?. -3.
noo. you can just wolfram alpha it tho.
kk thx. did u do ws 22-4.
no. its due wednesday. i dont know how to do shit.
okayy. thx. send outline plz.
r u stilla t unb.
haha no.
ok ill send it to u in a sec. just need 2 find my phone hahah.
kk. ???.
fuck. i spent 15 minutes looking for it. it was behind my laptop. ok 1 sec. A: 35 Marks - 35 MC9 organic. 5 redox.B: 99 MarksTable - WS22-4IsomersBe careful KeqAcid base question Energy graphDelta HICEDelta H/CalorimetryTIPHess's LawReaction rateC: 16 Marks Titration.
thxxxx.
Yo dan do you think you can get me liq for tash's? Hahah.
Naw.  Im not buyin any.  I have mine already. Yo what  site online do u buy ur glasses frum?.
Either smart buy glasses. Or clearly contacts. Occasionally orthodoxcatholicsinglesandyou.com.
Thx dawg. Good talk.
We'll do it again next year man. Good talk as usual. yo is my speaker at your place?.
Ye.
can i come pick it up at 2.
Sure.
Interviews. . Thanks for the support Dan!.
I want to tear down ur organization from the inside out. But np. Yo. Where u at,.
Tyi. I'm going to Douglas. Party.
Lol kk.
You going to be avec siu et cockdelong?. Bar*.
Hahahm yea im going 2 the bar.
.
Gross. Hey man hear u were living in mtl this summer. If you are looking 4 a place 2 live close to the neuro building you can sublet my place. Ill give you a good deal 😈.
Yeah! I'm looking for a place for myself but Amar is also looking haha. How much??.
I pay 600 a month, but I'll rent it 2 u for 400 a month. Are u living w/ Amar or by urself?.
We might try to find a place together but not sure yet.
Kk, keep me posted..
Is that with or without utilitirs.
W/.
Kk thx 4 the offer will let u know what happens.
kk dope.
Out of curiosity tho do u know if any of ur roommates are subletting?.
Um, Josh doesnt know where he will be living this summer. My other roommate didn't sublet last year cuz he is too lazy. But if u were looking for a place w/ a second room 2 sublet he definitely would.
whats your address again?.
3557 aylmer apt 2.
ok im down to sublet your place! amar also interested in a roomie, who's dm should he slide down?.
Ayy dope! Amar should talk to Holden Koivu..
yo so is your mailing address 3557 rue aylmer apt 2? i'm gonna order osheaga tickets now so i dont have to deal with it later lol.
Yup thats the address. Postal is H2X 2B9.
thanks mahn.
Np dawgg.
yo who else is gonna be there during the sum?.
Amar right. Also josh maybe.
Kk. Is Amar actually moving in?. Thought he hasn't msged ur roomie yet.
My roomate said he talked to him..
Kk. Yo do you guys have a laundry thing in the building?.
yea we have a laundry room in the apartment..
yoo you're still going to have wifi right? and i forget do you have a tv?.
Ye we will still have wifi. And ye we have a tv, we dont have cable tho.
kk. Is it ok if I arrive 28-30thish? are you going to be there or how are we gonna do the keys haha.
Yea im leaving for Toronto on the 27th. Josh maybe be here. Ill let you know in a couple of days. Or i could just hide the key somewhere..
Kk. is josh not living there during the summer?.
Yea. He is moving back 2 Fredericton.do you know what day u are moving up yet? Josh maybe be back in fred b4 u move up 2 mtl in which case he could give u the key..
Ah I'm not completely sure yet. Either the 28th or 29th.
Kk. Ye josh is going back on the 27th so maybe he will be able 2 drop them off. Ill ask the little fella..
kk.
When is amar moving up btw? Also is he renting frm holden?.
he supposedly is but he's being very ambiguous for some reason. I think he's going 29th or 30th.
Wow thats weird. Haha kk..
yoo you're leaving your mattress right? hahah.
Ahahahhaha ye..
is josh able to bring the keys.
Yo naw, I will hide them somewhere on the back steps for you to find them. Ill take a vid 2 show u where i hid them on the day of. Just a heads up there is gonna be another dude living in the appartment this summer. Josh didn't fucking tell me until today, i guess he found the guy yesterday. Josh says he is chill tho. Hes a student too..
kk. who is it. do they have fb lol.
ill ask josh. Josh doesn't know his last name. he says that he trusts him tho.. says he had a good sense..
mcgill student?.
yeye.
Do u know his first name so we can know how to address him hahaha. He knows we're coming at least right?.
Valentin, and ye he knows.
yo when do you move out?.
27th. Do u know what do u are coming up?.
yeah sat. is valentin gonna be there then? or is he going later. Nvm.
i think that he is going to be there on the 27th. Here is a vid showing where i hid the keys. .
. Yo do u have a vacuum lol.
Ahaha. Idk if we threw it out.. Look in the laundry room.
Yoo any idea why the wifi keeps going off?.
Uhh. Idk. Some times its just weird. Usually what i do is turn off the router.. Then turn it back on.
Kk. What do i do with these cheques on the table? Also what's your email? Are you cool if i etransfer the rent.
Oh yea for got to mention that. On june 1,  july 1, August 1 and the last day you leave u need 2 drop on of those in the silver mail box to the right of the front door.. They are dated. Also u can etransfer to daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com.
yo is something wrong with the oven lol. we tried to bake something with the grill pan and it smells weird. dont know if its the oven or the plastic o the grill pan thing.
Ahaha def the plastic. The oven works normally..
Password is aylmer. yo any idea if the canola oil on the floor is goood?.
on the floor?. send a pic.
.
lol, do not use that. Its the waste oil container..
Oh shittt. Loool ok.
There maybe some in the pantry some where.
Do you know if that ice cream in the freezer is bad? I cant find an expiry on it.
Its fine. Josh bought it before we left.
do you know why there is hot glue around the windows in ur room lol.
it was like that when I moved..
ooh ok. can i move that towel thing?. or is it supposed to be there.
hahah i dont why it is there. u can get rid of it if u want lol.
Yo this arrived. .
lol. dope. Whats in it?.
idk, do u want me to open it?.
ye sure. i cant remember what i bought.
Wtf hahahah. .
ahahah kk sweet thanks.
what about the letter?. is that an old tenant like should i store it somewhere or put it in return lol.
tbh we usually throw them out. but U can just leave it or put it in return or throw it out.
Just sent you rent again. Where do I put the cheque again? Which mailbox?. and on the 1st of the month right?.
Yea. 1st of the month. The silver mailbox in the front door room in the building. Its across from the mail boxes for the apartment.
yo i'm gonna move out at the end of july for vacay but i'll pay august because i implied i was going to. what do you want me to do with keys though? just leave it in the room?.
Kk. Congrats on med school btw man! U can just hide the keys where i hid them i guess.
Kk sounds good and thanks man!. yoo. im applying for a place in edmonton can i put u as my landlord haha.
Ahahahaha ye man sure.
Do u have a key to ur bedroom lol.
hahah naw.
Yoo do u have a pile of nails somewhere.
ahaha. hahahhah. naw. I have pins in my desk tho i think.
yo just sent u $$. actually, i'll send you the money for the last month too so i don't forget later. so there's gonna be 2 email money transfers. what do i do with the last cheque if i wont be there? do i just put it in the mailbox thing early.
Thanks dadi. Just put them in at the same time.. Hey i fucked up my account number on one of the transfers. Can u leeme know if the transfer bounces back/doesnt go through?. One of them went through already. The one where i put in the right acct number.
Yep just checked, it bounced. Just sent it again.
Kk thnk man.
Yo man. That box of changeon the desk, idk who's it is but Val took all of it lol. Just in case you guys r wondering when u get back.
ahahah. what box of change?.
.
ahahhahahah, thats josh's thing. But idk if josh left money in it. Yo where did u leave the keys for my place.
Oh I gave them to amar. My friend Tash Nel is gonna use it for Osheaga if that's cool.
Yea man. My brother needs to go in today to get some boxes is amar at home during the day?.
Yeah I'm pretty sure, u can msg on fb. He's just been inside studying all summer.
Lol. Kk thanks man..
αdd me on msn emily_sports.xo@hotmail.comand what did eric want?.
dunno he just told me that u were in his class.
oh i see :P. does eric have msn ?.
no i dont think so..
hii do you still have econ 227?.
Ye.
ok i'll buy. $40 right?.
Ye. When tmr is convenient 4u..
3:30?. i'll be at adams.
I have class till 4..
hmm what about the morning? I'm supposed to be somewhere by 4. like around 11:30?. I also have a break between 1 and 1:30.
Kk 1:15. Where u wanna meet?.
i'll be at stewart bio lol. but I can come to leacock or something.
Its okay, ill be at mac med then.. Where in Stewart bio do u want to meet?.
like just in the courtyard somewhere?.
Sure..
. Hey so you know steven shin? He's my roommate haha.
Lol, he went to middle school w/ me.
Damn small world. Btw sorry again for being slow with my response -- been super busy lately. Feel free to ask questions here as well. Also, we're hoping to release the first stable version of our publishing platform sometime in the next month -- id love to demo it to you guys if you're interested.
yea, let me know when you guys release it. I was checking out the github link u sent me. Also how big is your dev team? Seems like the repo has a decent number of contributors..
Hey.
 Hey gurl Hey.. what Up?.
what upppp danielitoo. how are youu.
Sad :( Missing the camp. What about you?.
me too ):. alfonso say hi to you and that he misses you.
Hello to him to, So how was your flight?.
we slept the 2 hours.
It was only 2 hours?.
remember we are in madrid.
Wait you are still theree???.
yes, we are going to stay here for a week.
Oh, are you staying in a hostle. Ari andanada.
danielitoooooo. pollutes.
wut up girl?.
what upppp. how are youu.
Decent, kinda bored. Are u back in school yet?.
im coming back on monday. fml. im bored too haha mexico is boriiinnnggggg. are you back in school?.
ahahah Nope :) We dont go back till september 3rd.
oohh fucker. please look at ivan and me here. http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3931953091601&set=a.3946180087267.2146668.1062962746&type=3&theater. i cant stop laughing.
ahahhaahah, you look like you are in extreme pain!.
hahahahahahhaa i i know. its so funny. i think i look better in my passport picture, if thats even possible.
oh god, your pasport photo is fucking amazing, i didn't know u were a victoria secret model....
hahaha fuck youuuuu. i wont forget the face you made when you saw it.
ahahahhaha actually like an 89 year old woman... so goood..
hahaha noo. it was like. :O. :D. the second is not a smile is a laugh.
ahaha, you are an emoticon pro....
oh thank you... :). 1st complement i recieved from you.
and the only!.
what a bitch.
1st complement i recieved from you.^.
wasnt the first one...
true, but it was the best one!.
haha maybe. so, how´s life going without seeing me everyday??. must be hard for you :(.
Kinda shitty :(... But its probably worse for you....
probably. im not so sure.
so have u been talking to Alfonso?.
noo, just to ask how was his fllight. he told me it was awful, it was raining a lot in mexico city so he had to land in cancun. and wait for the storm to pass. LOSER, that didnt happen to me of course. but i will see him on monday at school so...
ahahha, yeah, how was ur flight?.
boring. i cleaned my tennis. and the oil is gone :D. haha my 9 euro tennis.
haha, You cleaned them on the plane...?.
hahahah nooo. today. hahahahaha.
Ahhaha, good, I was just imagining you in the plane bathroom scrubbing away....
hahahahahhahahaha. the leaving them there to get dry.
just pick them up on yur next flight.... haha.
hahahaha. so what are you doing on the rest of your vacation?.
I have to take Drivers Ed and then I take my brother to university... kinda boring..
a little.
but you never know, a crazy adventure might be right around the corner!.
hahaha. hope so. what time is there?.
11 40. and in mexico?.
940. 2 hours of difference,. not bad. :). i have to go danielito, talk later ok? love you bastard.
Good luck! ttyl.
whats that?. ooh talk to you later. im so smart. byeee. danielito danielitoooo.
hola!.
hola pequeño. como estas?.
Buena. ¿Cómo fue tu primer día de clases?.
largo. 5 clases seguidas sin descanzo. :S.
Jajajaja aspira a ser tú ....
jajajaja that´s so google translator.
Its from the heart...Straight up Spanish!.
hahaha yeah of course. its weird that at camp you never talk to me in spanish and now it turns out you are and expert haha.
I didnt want to make u feel bad about my skills....
using so appropriated words I dont even use haha.
Im proper....
haha true. im going to take you back in the history. 1998. thats your personal quote.
haahahha, Thats what i want on my grave....
ahahaha. with the year you were born.
ahahah, Man, i am scared to die....
i know. its scary. ( i dont know how to spell it). i hope its scary.
ahaahhaha u hope its scary???.
hzahahahahaha. the spelling. jajajajajj.
ahaha, oh....
jajjajajajjajajajaja sorry for that. it must be hard to get what im sayng sometimes.
ahaha, Not at all... u have good English... u are almost as good as Iva....
HAAHHAHAHAHAHA. i´m not taking that as a complement.
U remind me of her alot....
hahahahhahahahaha. i need to go danielitoo. bybye, say hi to iva, i know you talk with her everyday every hour. true love <3.
ahah have fun at school. Bye.
thanks.
dont fail....
ya vayase a dormir muchacho.
i forgot how to speak spanish....
i forgot how to speak english :S. I said: go to sleep boy.
ahaha I slept till 5 pm today,..
im jealous.
haha, when do u have to get up?.
mondays 6:30. and wed and fri. and tues and thurs at 11 :D.
at 11 when do u end??.
at 3. i have only 2 classes. but the other days i have 5.
2 classes... so lucky....
but the other days 5 without break. from 7 to 3.
aha with out breaks... no lunch.
no lunch. unless you eat something  in the 5 min between class and class. like a cookie.
ahah a cookie for lunch.. haha.
but everyone here have lunch around 3/4. is not like the rest of the world that have lunch at 12.
when do u eat super??.
at 3 or 4.
at the same time as lunch?.
wait, what do you mean eat super?.
last meal of the day.
dinner?. like 8 or 9.
shit..
what?.
so late.
yes and most of the time is sweet things like your breakfast.
ahah like chocolate.
yep. im going to sleep danielitoo, it was nice to talk to you as always. JK. hahahaha. JK about JK.
have fun at school betch.
thanks bitchy. bye bye miss american pie. drove my chevy to the levy but the levy was dry.
hahah bye.
pollutes whats up in your life??! send me news danielito.
School just started and it sucks, i have like no time, just homework. :( \what about you?.
my life now is kind of the same, that sucks, we need to skype soon!! i miss you boy (just a little). hahaha danielito i saw fabian today in the peace one day thing, and we talked about how great you are!.
That must be a pretty easy conversation to have(cuz im so great)! ahah we had a peace one day thing here to, like 18 showed up..
Haha shut up pollutes! Here in queretaro also like 20 showed up but it was so cool! And we met a famous band and people said to us really cool stuff :D.
lucky. How is school going?.
terrible, i have exams this week!! and youu?.
Exams all week. Doesn't that mean ur done?.
No, not final exams, partial exams.
Oh, I see photos from a minicamp?.
haha yes!! I was staff of the kids post camp! Aren´t you proud of me?. POLLUTES. guess what guess what.
what?.
i just found out, 5 min ago. that a friend (luisa´s brother) was JC of.... guess who. haha.
who?.
FELIX <3. ooooowwwwwwww.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HOLY SHIT!.
i know <3. isn´t awesome?.
how did u find out???.
i was looking for someone on his friend list and i saw felix cisv. and i almost die.
haha, that crazy, i was starting to think that i imagined him!.
haha. i´m so jealous. bieng felix´s jc. cutest thing on earth.
that voice man, soo good..
btw, are you applying this year for a JC place?. spot whatever.
i dont have to apply until january. are u doing anything for next summer?.
but you will?. yes, seminar.
yes of coarse, where will you go on your seminar.
ooww ! you will be a great jc and you will love it. i dont know, i want to stay here in mexico, well not here, in los cabos ( a beach) with a friend cause the staff are friends of us. but i have to get the place cause a lot of people wants to get it as well :S. so if not, i will choose like central america or canada, something not too far.
Is it really competitive. ?.
yes cause in seminar i dont only compite with people from my chapter, but with people from mexico city too! ¬¬. so fuck that.
lol, fuck mexico city...
yes fuck them. they are like tons of people. and we are the small ones :).
hah, i guess that makes you the underdog.
underdog?. jajajajajaja.
its like the person who no one thinks will win but does].
i google it. An underdog is a person or group in a competition, frequently in electoral politics, sports and creative works, who is popularly expected to lose.. ok i guess i am haha.
ARI, are you doing a seminar in Mexico this summer? Because one of my BFF'z is going to it. I saw you and Fabian in the group she showed me!.
Yes!!! I am, who is your bff? Oow you should come too! And omer is also coming to that camp :D.
Her name is Mia. That is soo cool you will see Omer again!.
danielutessss.
Hola Polo.
Holaaaaaa! Como estas?.
Tired... Long day at school... You?.
tired 2, i just started final exams and it suckkkssssss.
Haha, Final before university? Scary.
Pollutes. How was your village? I want to hear everything. Mia made me realize how much I miss u :(.
Ahahha. I miss you too... the village was really fun. The American girl jc was kinda a bitch but other than that it was sweet.  How was seminar.  Mia told me about victor... haha.
Really? But The other jcs and leaders were cool?. Jajajaja victor.. That fuckin bastard I ended up hating him, all of us did.
Ahha. Yea all of the others were cool. The Guatemalan leader reminded me of you alot. And she was cool as shit.
Oow really? I'm glad someone reminded u of me :) Jaja. And the million question. Which one was better? Our ym or your village?.
Def the ym. For fun less work....
YAAAYYYY :D. only for less work ?? bitch. and better people RIGHT?.
Ahaha. Of course! Not as many bitches..
All Ma bitches love me. hello. i miss u. bye.
Wowow. That was quick. Miss you tooo Polo. What are u doing now a days?.
i know im always fast. im doing well. almost done with my first semester on university.
Ohhh exciting. What are you studying??.
architecture:D.
Oh shit that's really cool! Do you like it???.
i know. really cool. yes <3. and you?? what are you going to study?.
I still have one more year of highschool left.... :( but after that Ill study Computer Science and Economics.
Is that a single career ?.
yea, kinda. I just like both separately so combined I think will like them... I hope. ahahaah.
daniel luteessss. im going to canada (montreal, quebec and maybe ottawa). where do you live?.
Heyy i live in Montréal! When are you coming??.
omggg yayyy. from the 17 to the 27th of march. but im going with my class, to toronto and montreal and then i will be free in quebec the last days. i dont remember the exactly days i´ll be in montreal but let me ask jaja maybe we can meet at my free time or whatever. i want to see youuuu daniel lutes woohoooo. does mia live there as well?.
Yeah! We should definitely meet up! Its been so long.. Mia doesnt live here though :(.
Oh that's sad. But anyway,  I will see my dates and I'll let you know. And can I ask u a favor ? Can I put your name in a application for the visa ?. .
Yeah Sure! My address is 3557 Aylmer H2X 2B9 Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
thank u <3. Daniel lutes ! In going to be in Montreal the 20th and 21st   with my class and the 24 on my own. When can we meet? 󾍓🏻.
Lets meet on the 24, that works best 4 me!.
cool. send me your whatsapp. my inbox is pretty bad at my phone.
Lol okay. 15062610224.
Danieeel! I will be tomorrow and the day after tomorrow in Montreal so tell me if u want to hang out for lunch or dinner maybe, and u could tell me a nice place to hang out. I'm with four friends and they are cool Jaja. Do u know Like a neighborhood or street to shop cool? Like second hand stores or something.
Hey, I have classes all of tomorrow. But I am free on friday. We should get lunch!! Where in the city are u staying?.
Im staying at hi Montreal the Hostal, at what time can u meet ?.
What time is best for you? I am free all day.
We are going to meet on the forever 21 on st. Catherine with a friend at 2 to have lunch, is it good for u?.
yea . Sure What time?. Oh wait, u said 2. Just read it lol.
Oh no wait 2:30.
Okay!.
Cool. Daniel lutes Jaja. Change of time, at 3 is good for u?.
hahah yea sure.
Because we are in a museum and we haven't finished. Yay. Thanks.
Hey. I just realised that there are 2 forever 21s on st Catherines. What one are you at?.
In the one in the corner with montagne. U?. Do u see a girl also waiting ? Cause it's a friend of a friend also waiting for us. I'm on my way to your forever 21. Don't move.
Im in front of the building.
Calgary!!.
Thanks!.
Hey umm do I know you??.
ya u went out with ail crak.
UMMM Andhow do I know you? besides the fact that I went out with Ali did I ever meet you somewhere?. And how do you know Ali??.
she went to school ...she knows me pretty good.
kool... but tht doesnt explain how I know you have I ever met you?.
ya at vollyball when u where at albert.
Hey.
 Hey I am Interested in buying the MATH 141 book, do you still have it?.
yup! I still have it, did you want to buy it?.
Yup.. $10 right?.
cool, where/when did you wanna meet?. yup. it is a bit ratty though, heads up.
its cool, the price is right. How about 12 45 milton gates?.
i have class then, does 1:30 in front of the arts building work for you?.
Sure!.
cool, see you then!.
Oh, also is there any chance you have change for a 20?.
Hey.
 If you take my sunday lunch shift..
Yes!.
Awesome..
Do you think you could take my monday night shift? As in tomorrow.
naw i am going away....
Hey.
 Hey tess. U left my hat a rock climbing. If u see when ur there next can u grab it..
Hey! Here is your slack information. Go to mcgilltribune.slack.com, download the desktop application, and phone application if you want to be super accessible. The account is currently set to the name of the former individual in your position, but you can go to “Profile & Account” to change the name and avatar. Use your @mcgilltribune.com email address and password to get the magic link to access the account. The magic link sends an email to your account which allows you to sign in.Open up slack, enter the domain name (mcgilltribune.slack.com), the above email address, and send yourself a magic link to sign in. You may then change your Slack password. To change your user name, open “Account > Settings > Username [expand]” and change the name following the @ symbol.Please check Slack frequently over the summer. I personally have the desktop application open in the background, and find the “Do not disturb” mode super helpful for when I don’t want to be using it. With Slack, you can send direct messages, create private channels (great for communicating as a group), and post on the general channels. Each channel (denoted by the # symbol) is for a specific purpose. Feel free to change the existing format on your account to suit your preferences—do not feel constrained my how the former user had it set up! Let me know if you have any questions about how to use Slack, or anything else! Also let me know if this doesn’t work..
.
hey, is the email working for you?.
Yup!.
great! I got an email about the account, so just wanted to make sure it was all good.. hey do you need help setting up slack?.
Hey, I just set it up. Sorry i took so long!.
No problem!. Hey Daniel! I sent you and Clare an email about the site speed and the error message that I keep receiving. I know you two split so that she would be handling more of the back end stuff, but if she's too busy it would be wonderful if you could take a look. As I said in the email, Will knows that we're having this issue so he'd be happy to talk to you if you need a hand. Let me know what you and Clare work out! :). By the way, how's your summer going!! I personally can't believe how quickly these months have gone by.
Hey Julia, I spent a couple of hours tonight working on the site speed. No great improvements were made, but it seems like decreasing the loading time maybe a gradual process. I haven't looked into the 502 error all that much. I will talk to Will in a couple of days if I feel that I am not making enough headway.  I think that Claire will be working on the 502 error, and I will work on site speed. The 502 error maybe correlated to site speed, but there are other changes regarding site speed that need to be addressed. My summer is going really well, busy, but fun!!! I know what you mean, seems like winter exams were yesterday!.
Amazing thanks so much Daniel!! I appreciate you putting the time into it :). I think will was working on site speed for most of the year so yeah quite a gradual thing.. What are you up to? You're at home, right?.
Yea, Im backing Fredericton, I am working for a startup here as a front end developer, the hours are long but im learning a lot!! What are you up to this summer?.
That must be a cool experience! Is there a big web team there?. I was moving around a bit at the start but now I'm in Calgary doing an internship with a healthcare research centre. Im doing communications work.
The web team is like 5 ppl so its pretty small compared to a big company, its nice because I am able to learn about the front and back end. Thats really cool, do you like it?.
ohh that's really good, do you have a lot of freedom to try new things?. yeah I'm enjoying it! the people are really cool, it's a very interdisciplinary workplace. hey, any idea why Bert isn't running at the moment?.
Hmm that is strange. I havent made any changes. Clare is in charged of Bert.
ok!. I'll message Clare :). hallo, Mingye had a question about ads. I think she tagged you about it on Slack!.
Okay, thanks!.
Hey! Are you back in Montreal? How was the end of your summer?.
Good. Im back in Montréal, but I am still working. The end of summer is bitter sweet, im excited 2 get back to school tho! Wbu?.
Wow! When do you finish work for them (if you are finishing)?. Definitely bittersweet. Everything ended very quickly and suddenly in the last few days for me so now I'm feeling a bit of anxiety about the coming semester! But it'll be good.
My contract ends Oct. 1st. Yea I would be stressed if I had your job. Oh btw, for ed-board, just so u know I am the web developer for SUS. My brother mentioned 2 me that it maybe a conflict of interest deal if ed-board is talking SUS, and that i would sit those out?.
Hahah how comforting. I'm actually more anxious about my courses - the english department keeps messing up by schedule by cancelling courses! It's a real headache. Ok, noted! We don't usually talk about SUS, at least we didn't at all last year, but if so just remind us and you'll be excused :). Thanks for letting me know! Chris is wise. Did he tell you much about the Trib?.
Ouu, thats sucks. No, he hasn't really said much to me about the trib, other than what he did as A&E editor..
You'll be brought up to speed soon enough! :). hey, are you on your way to the office?.
Wait i thought it was at 1. Shit srry. Just reread the message.
ah. I'm meeting with Daniel Freed at 1.
Ill be there in 5 mins. Srry!.
Hey, could you close your laptop if you aren't doing ed board related stuff?.
kk.
thanks for obliging!.
ahaha np!.
Hey, we kissed you at ed board! Hope you feel better!!!!!.
Thanks Julia :).
Hey long story but I'm currently locked out of my apartment and need to go to my landlord's office so I'm gonna have to cancel today :((( I'm so sorry!!!. Let me know that you've seen this!!! Would feel so bad to stand you up. I'm so so sorry. Ping ping ping.
Thats okay!!!. Good luck getting into your apartment!.
Hahahhaha thank you ugh this week is so chaotic.
Ahahab no worries!.
. i feel like we had a profound, friendship defining conversation yesterday. and i can't remember what we talked about. still chill tho.
Ahahabha. I cant remember much abt it either. Lol.
i remember asking embarrassingly specific questions about your love life. forgive me. das it tho.
Ahahabahha. Thats ookay!.
cool! yay for oversharing. hope your post party recovery went smoothly.
Yea it did lol i wasnt hung over really. How was urs/how was work??.
it was rough aha. instead of sleeping, jackie and i got dirty dogs. i slept 3 hours and went to work still drunk. i never do that so it was an experience.
Hahahaha. Wow that sounds rough. But u got hot dogs so hey, not all bad!.
true! i had a friendship defining conversation with jackie over hot dogs but i also don't remember that one.
Ahahhahahahah.
omg how long were peoples warm and fuzzies lol. audrey said she's going on "hour 2" of writing and i'm just sitting here with a pile of things i pumped out in 20 mins.
ahaha, mine took like an hour total. But I was taking my time.  lol.
Hmm i only know how to express myself through food. This is hard.
Make a pizza 4 everyone and put in their envelopes!.
Mm greasy. That's an option. Do you watch girls.
yea! Do u?.
i haven't seen the latest season or all of season 4, so kind of haha. i've always felt so conflicted about it.
Yea. I also feel kinda conflicted abt it. I feel like i have a love hate relationship with the show in general..
Yeah cause sometimes it just makes me feel so shitty!! Ahah. fun fact: i attended the girls discussion despite not watching any of the 6th season despite the finale.
Hahaha hahaha really!? It didn't show at all!.
Woah used "despite" twice, bad editing. I was conveniently silent when everyone was discussing the rest of the 6th season hahaha it was confusing.
ahahahahaha.
Are you in Toronto?. Natalie was wondering cause she's bringing April's warm and fuzzies back but didn't know whether to take yours.
Yeah i am!.
Ah cool!.
Thanks!.
i'm reading audrey's transcript of the girls thing and we had to cut lots and lots for space but some of your quotes that got cut are gold. "I think there are a lot of things that are OK in Lena Dunham’s mind that are OK in like literally no one else’s".
ahahaha, I totally forgot abt that. When is the article coming out ?.
lol i have no idea. i did my manager edits, the only thing we need to do is find a good end quote and send it to nick. Heeeeey are you free tomorrow eve/night for dinner and or drinks? Would be nice to see my token straight male friend while here.
Ahahahah. Naw, i have plans Tuesday and Wednesday night ://.
Aw ok no worries! See you when you're back. When are you back?.
Im back spet 9th. Imma miss orientation at trib..
Aw you're gonna miss my superb presentation about something or other. (I don't know what I'm doing).
Ahahahha. Have u been doing much trib stuff this summer?.
Not that much yet besides editinf. Once just for laughs starts we will have many things to do. Although what's fun about managing is getting other people to do the things.
Ahahah true.
hey!. what code editor would you recommend for someone trying to learn things. (i need to make a website with a portfolio and i want to make it nice but i only know very basic web design at the moment).
I use sublime. Its kind of bare bones tho. I think that there may be a better one that finds errors as you write but i dont know. There are alot of really good web dev courses online btw! Check out code academy  (if you havent already).
Ah ok I actually downloaded sublime last night cause my friend recommended it. Seems like it's one of those where you need to add features yourself, and idk how to do that. I have been using codeacademy! It's very good so far.
Yea. Sumblime kinda sucks in that sense. If you google sublime package controll it should show you how to add the thing that lets u add features..
Hey you!'Alrighty, Mia is moving soon and I was wondering if you would be down for like a surprise going away party..
yeah i think that would be good! i think there is talk of a cisv going away party..
That would be really cool, but if that falls through we should do something  :).
yeah, definatly.
Do you know who is organizing the alternate party?.
um i dont know? the planing hasnt started yet..
Hey. my friend kinda likes you..
who?.
she doesn't want you to know.Sorry.
why?.
cause she doesn't want you to know?i think.
can you give me a hint?.
she has dark hair, but thats all i'm saying as a hint.
Why cant you just tell me then i can tell you if i like her?.
well do you like anyone in grade 7?.
dunno. but if you tell me then ill tell you if i like her :D.
what do you mean dunno?.
i guess i might but there are alot of grade 7s so just tell me please..
she doesn't want anyone in grade 8 to know, oh and if you kinda like sarah webb it's not her. do you like sarah webb??!.
who is she??.
who is sarah webb or the person that likes you?.
what???... who is she??.
witch one sarah or the person that you like?.
noo just tel me who she is?.
witch one?!!.
well i dont know who she is so how would i know if i like her?.
oh ok sarah webb it's ok that you don't know her hehe but i still can't tell you who likes you. sorry. do you even know who i am??!.
ya.
do you know who riley harris is?and nina nicholson?.
yeah but not nina nicholsan.
oh well she sin some of my pics, shes the blonde one. *shes in. i think that you do know who i'm talking about.
no so just tell me.
yes guess.
just tell me i hate guessing.
i'm sorry but she doesn't want anyyone in grade 8 to know.
well thats dumb.. telll me !!!!!.
no apparently you have to tell me who you like first!hehe:p. sorry but riley and i and the person that likes you made that deal apparently sorry:(.
i dont know just tell meokay what if i like her but i will never know so tell me.
but you would know because either you like someone and that someone is her or you don't like anyone.
just tell me.
but i made a promise:(.
well break the promise and tell me and if i dot like her i will not tell anyone.
really???.
yeah i promise.
but you might break that promise... i don't know you that well.
Fine then i pinky promise.
well i know that i can give you other hints...:s.
no tell me i will not tell i sear.
she says that i can tell you...only if you promise not to tell. and if you do tell then i will find you and slap you really hard..hehe.
okay deal. soo tell me.
ok then it's riley harris but ps. she barely likes you anymore, oh and btw my slaps hurt i once slapped someone (who will remain nameless) on the back on it left a hand print. oh and i didn't mean to slap her that hard. hehe.
okay kida scarry.
witch part??.
the slap.
oh so do you like riley or whatever???.
dunno.
what do you mean dunno either you do or you don't.
haha dunno.
Hey.
 Hey, interested in the kitchen table and chairs oh free and for sale. What are the dimensions of the table?.
. http://www.ikea.com/ca/en/catalog/products/50211104/ I believe it's this set.
Great. Ill take it! When can I pick it up?.
you'll take it for sure? pick up is end of April.
yes.
ok awesome! do you mind meeting up for a deposit first ($25) then pay the rest when picking up??.
yea sure.
ok :) we can meet on campus or lower plateau (my apt).
Hey srry  didnt make it to the bank untill today. We can meet on campus next week some time. What works for u?.
Hey I'm really sorry but my friend asked me for the dining table today so I'm gonna give it to her. I apologize :(.
Oufffffff.
This may be a long shot, but by any chance are you the same Daniel Lutes that had tickets for the Serena Ryder concert on kijiji last week?  If so, if you still have the voucher, CBC has indicated that they will still honor them and I would still be interested in buying it.  If this is not the right person, I apologize for the inconvenience..
Yea. Sure thing!.
Where and when could i meet you to pick up the voucher?.
Uptown bulk barn? At 3?.
I work in Oromocto and wouldn't be able to get to Fredericton until after 4.  Is there somewhere else or a different time?.
How about there at 5?.
Perfect, i will see you then.  How will i recognize you?.
Ill be wearing blue shorts. Ill just stand outside..
Hi, yes I do. can you meet up on campus tomorrow around 5?.
My last class finishes @ 5:25. Does 5 30 work for you?.
5.30 might work. I'm trying to set up bunch of meetings to sell all my books at once. I'll give you the exact time and location in a bit. But I'm marking it as sold. ok?.
Sounds good!.
btw, my math 240 textbook is a binded text copy, not hardcover. thus it is significantly cheaper. it does the job though, and the font size is a bit bigger, which helps. does that work for you?.
haha, yeah no problem!.
ok great.
Hey Man, There is a PDF of the Textbook online. I guess I dont to buy it anymore.  Sorry!!!.
Hey friend! I am doing an independent project for a class at school, and naturally I have picked peace education to be the focus. Would you mind answering a couple questions and sending them back to me? They don’t have to be long answers, just honest ones that are your opinions.
Sure.
. Hi I'm sorry somebody already asked me. I'll let you know if it falls through. Actually turns out they don't need it.
Okay, How much are you asking for it?.
Do you want the solutions manual too?.
nope.
70$. For the textbook. . It's the edition by the way. Not sure if I mentioned.
kk I found it online for less so Im ust gonna buy it there! sorry!.
Bruins you.
flames.
Wanna play hockey tonight?.
sssure.
Okay, invite Jared over and I'll come two. Get it, two instead of to.
You do it!.
He won't listen to me..
do IT.
I tried!.
wtf.
Hey.
 who are you?.
ı am the leader of turkey camp. turkısh leader.
What camp?.
ı am the leader of turkısh delegation this summer in bursa.
Ahh Cool..
Hey just wondering if you'd be able to work my supper shift tomorrow?.
Sorry i cant i am going out of town..
Hey can you please work for me tonight?.
I cant..
Hey can you pleeeease work for me tomorrow night? I have a hair appointment for prom. I'd give you 10$ too..
Yeah, sure ill do it..
Hey how's it going. Hey man.
hey.
How you been lately.
Not bad. What about you?.
Great. You still living in Freddy?.
Naw. I moved up to montreal.
Oh yeah? What for.
Im goin to university  there.
Nice! What are you taking?.
Computer science..
Nice! There's a huge calling for that.
Yeahm i hope i can a job. What are u up to. U working?.
Yeah at Devon lumber.
How do u like it?.
Lol I'm looking for a better job.
What do u do there now?.
Well right now I pile lumber.
Sounds tough.
Hey.
 Hi crystal i am amusing that you have the risk management check list, and I am wondering if there is any else me or Megan need to do to wrap things up after the mini camp?.
hey Daniel, would you be able to send me a document of that essay?.
Here man!.
I approve of "my" status update.
haha yeah :D.
.
-my friend is leaving sooon.
Flea Market?.
u wanna pick me up?.
Can we come up?. come down.
sick. hey remove the vanilla mastercard from ur paypal account so i can use it..
We didn't get you :(.
lol i know, who else is on my team?.
What team are you on?.
greg gatto jeff braun.
Robbie Lynn, Logan Gaunce, Alex Gatto, Josh Braun and Wesley Kitchen. I forget the rest..
nice, who did u get?.
Daniel DonavanJack ChisholmAaron HargreavesJack SeguinMaxime BoucherTravis AllenColin WatersCraig TellenbachBrennan DaigleHart BrooksMatthew HunterDylan HorsmanMatthew NealAdam McFadgenWilliam WhiteheadKalem McCarthy.
rough about the goalie.
Yeah. We have a lot to work on..
haha, pretty solid player though. How are the other teams looking?.
Danny and Alan's Capitals look good. I think it will be a little more equal than last year..
good.
What number do you want? I have #3-14, 33 and 93 left.
7. Killer team!!!.
Thanks. I'm picked them myself..
Is it Ali Banks. ANd what the fuck is he doing in rec/???.
Yes. He hated Minor Midget so he decided to play rec. 2nd round!!!!.
Nice pic for second round. Glad tto see spitz on the team. lolol.
I had a high goalie pick and I couldn't pass him up..
Brett Timms is a star.
I had to take Ben Case too though.
Do we only have one goalie. ahaha ben case suxz.
He's not bad but he's kind of annoying. Matt is the only goalie..
Good. Got them azns on the team. uhoh. Not going Thursday..
Okay.
Leave earlier on Friday.
I want to but Shawn has class. He's a goody goody..
Tell him to miss one class. The whole drive will be dark.
I'm trying to convince him. I'm unsure if it's working..
Fight him. Can he really not afford to miss a couple classes.
He SAYS he can't. He hasn't missed a class yet..
Tell him that if you don't leave early I can't go..
I told him..
What did he say???.
He said if he misses a class without a valid excuse he would lose 5%. I told him to get my dad to write him a excuse for Friday. He's unsure because he doesn't want to lie..
Is a "family" vacation not considered a valid excuse?.
Probably not. I don't care what the excuse is as long as he gets off early..
Fake Jacks death..
Talk to Shawn about this. He's the one you're trying to convince..
Ya. Kk. Alsoi have a math exam Monday so I'm not going tmr..
You're going to be studying math at 7:45am?.
No I'll be sleeping..
I appreciate the honesty.. I can pick you up Friday after school because I have to drop off pucks and game sheet to Matt Oliver's dad..
I'm doing shit after school so I'll just get my parents to drive me over..
Okay. When are you coming over?.
Late.
Okay. Text me before you come over..
Want them bitches out the house before I'm there?.
They're off the clock at 9. I was just wondering if you want me to extend them til 11..
Lol. Ftb.
Coming to practice?.
At a show..
no problem.
Shah how many went?.
10.
Not bad..
Coming?. 4:30 Aitken Center.
lol to late.
Never too late. That's my favourite hedley song and it applies to this.
I will only attend if hedley is playing at the Atiken Center, if not im out..
9:15 York tonight.
I'll be there.
GOOD. Thursday Night 8pm Grant-Harvey.
Thanks coach Taylor!.
We're on a winning streak now. so there's that. Everything else is still the same..
Are the people on the team still shitty people..
Same people but they APPEAR to be less shitty..
. Put me in coach!.
Haha. Why am I not surprised that kid did something stupid like that..
Hey do u have NHL Hitz for ps2?.
I wish, but it's been at least $20 to buy it anywhere I've seen it..
Its such a sick game.
You want to buy it for me? Is that what you're loosely implying?.
Exactly. How was day one?.
They give me a free hat and football. The work wasn't half bad either. I think I'm going to enjoy it..
Haha. How was the commute..
A hour and a half too long. Hopefully I'll get my own place soon..
are u getting the place u looked at the other day?.
Hopefully..
Yo how are you getting home for christmass?.
yeah, yeah. When are you heading back?.
Not till 21 wbu?.
I'll probably fly back the 19th. Are you taking a bus back?.
Yea. Jarhead, Im gonna be in the 6 this weekend. U free 2 grab lunch some time?.
Yeah man. For sure. Why are you coming to the 6ix?Also, We should try to bring back the nickname "Jarhead"..
Im visiting visiting some high school friends with some ppl frm mtl. I hope to have cuddie calling u jarhead by the end of the year..
Do you know a spot you want to go to?.
Doesnt matter. Any place cheap i guesss.
What day: Saturday or Sunday?.
The lords day. Sunday.
What time were you thinking?.
1 ?.
yeah. that works. where are you staying?.
982 dundast west.
Alright. I'll meet you outside at 1 and we'll walk to porter house. Cool?. porter house I guess is closed till 5pm. We'll go to Veghed instead..
Sounds good!  Feel free 2 bring Arzoo and Scott!. Yo where u at?.
I'm at work. Where else would I be?.
Are you opening facebook for the first time in months?.
it's been a while... some many gems in one day!.
Lol. Hows the place??.
less of a crack den, more of a "dad just got divorced and is starting over" now.
Thats good to hear! I always seen u as more of a crackhead my self. Hows cfl?.
you in montreal with chris?.
Yee.
cool.. how's work?.
Its pretty interesting. Not a huge fan of waking up early tho.  Hows the 6?.
works going pretty work..
ahaha, pretty work. Any big plans to visit freddy anytime soon.
not til December. Shawn mentioned he's thinking of coming up in August..
To toronto?.
yeah.
Thats cool. I am wonder if chris will end up in toronto soon.
maybe. I do have an nused room if he wants it..
Do you still not have internet at your place?.
coming this friday.
lol. What provider are u going with?.
start.ca.
Ahahm how much is it?.
15mps/ $40.
Yo  do u want 2 do thing where by the end of july me u and chris (and shawn if he wants) all have 2 write our own screen play. Chris is down..
I am totally down! Has Chris told you about our tv pilot?. does the screenplay have to be original?.
Yes. And yes.
What's your Screenplay about?.
Kid who runs against his step dad for city council. Wbu?.
group of male friends and their dating lives. It's a romantic comedy..
ahaha, cool. is it called Entourage???.
hahah far from it. It's going to be good I think, Way better than That Awkward Moment. I'm trying to take some inspiration from 500 days of summer on how best to write a comedy..
that sounds good. Do u know what chris is writting?.
not yet. Do you know?.
Naw, I have no clue. I think I am going to write the outline for mine tonight..
Same. I've been writing down ideas all day and I need to organize them. I still want to work on the tv pilot a little too during this month. I don't want to ignore it now that I've got it going..
yea, that makes sense. I am excited to see how that turns out..
I want to finish a draft before I return home. Chris can be involved as much as he wants to on it, but he'll probably be focusing on the screenplay now. Also, shawn asked me this on friday, but what does chris do allday?.
He goes to library most days and studies for LSAT's. He was trying to find a job, but I think he has all but given up on that..
Interesting. So he's looking to get into law school next fall?.
Yea, fall of 2017 i think..
His LSAT score are going have to be top notch to get in somewhere. Where is he thinking of attending?.
I think it is basically anywhere that will take him.
yeah. Glad he's giving it a try..
yea, I am not sure how good his odds are. Time will tell i guess. How are things at the CFL..
yeah. he's going to have improve his gpa to get a better chance. maybe retake certain classes and get a killer LSAT. At the very least in 95% percentile.. Job is going well. Some tasks are boring and mundane, but overall it's pretty good.. Cuddy just got back yesterday after he was away for 6 weeks on medical leave or something..
shit. Do u know what happened to him?.
stomach surgery or something. he seems fine now.
Do u have any summer vacation plans?.
not really. I might just take all of December off. I get 10 days of vacation so I'll push it to then..
Oh, that would be cool..
I have sick and personal days also so if I need them I'll use them. Not sure what I'll do in December. Just come back home for the full month or stay in toronto for the first 2 weeks or maybe just peace to the Caribbeans for 2 weeks and rent an apartment through AirBNB..
haha, what would u do in the caribbean?.
don't know. get away from everybody, write, read, swim, and just chill out.. how's the screenplay?. just saw the Dragon's Den video for SimpTek..
Ahahhaha yea they got fucking roasted.
Yeah. Do they market products to consumers within their dashboard?.
Yea, thats part of the business model..
http://en.montrealalouettes.com/celebrate-halloween-with-the-alouettes-this-sunday/. Going to the game this weekend??.
Is this some sort of guerrilla marketing campaign where they make CFL employees tell ppl 2 go to their events???. Is it the playoffs yet?.
Yeah. We decided it was the best use of my time.. Not yet. Montreal didn't make playoffs anyways..
How are things going at the CFL?.
Same old, same old. A little weird not having a boss, but things are pretty chill because of it. Chris told me you might be coming to Toronto next summer for an internship. What's the company's name?.
Thats cool. Yea its the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board. I am actually going to be in Toronto on Friday to interview with them. Are u free Friday night, we should hangout..
Yeah, for sure! Do you have anything in mind?.
Naw. I have to write a midterm thing online from 430 till 730. And my flight is at 11..
Okay. We can grab some food downtown and I can show you my apartment if you want. Are you flying out of Billy Bishop or Pearson?.
Yea sure. I wanna see ur place. I am flying out of pearson..
Yeah. Hit me up on Friday..
Kk, when do you get off work?.
Whenever I want, but let's say 5..
haha, okay, I have to write a midterm thing at like 430, I think I am gonna go to the Ryerson Library to write it.
Ight. I'll walk up after I am done work.. What's your number again?.
5062610224. Also i am free when ever. I got my midterm thing moved..
Okay. I'll let you know. Where are you now?.
Just in a tims on younge and king.
Ight. Will you be there around 5?.
YeA. Wait. Nvm im at ryerson rn.
Library?.
Ryerson University Student Learning Centre (SLC). THis place.
Okay. What do you want to eat for dinner?.
I down for what ever. I am still veggie tho.
Alright. I'll rule out the butcher..
ahahahah.
Some last minute shit. I'll let you know when I am coming..
kk.
On my way.
kk let me know when u are out front and Ill come down.
Outside.
kk.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDni9eWodh0. Left my phone at your place. Can you bring it on Tuesday?.
yea sure. where did u leave it?.
thanks. in the plug near your computer desk..
wait ur phone or ur phone charger.
phone charger. my bad..
kk.
Hey. I'm going to cc you on an email to musicbrainz..
Kk.
have you had any issues with the api? I'm still waiting for them to bill me..
Its working, although idk if we are even using the key. Josh is better to talk to. He is handling the back end stuff.
Okay, thanks. How are classes going?.
Pretty good, my profs are all good! Hows work? Chris was telling me u can watch tv at work.
Yeah, kind of. I have a third screen at one of my desks so I can watch anything on CraveTV when it's not busy. Other times, I have to watch TV to QA the app or website..
Damn, thats dope.
I'm going through some old h3h3 videos and the series of bradberry brothers "pranks" is so fuckin' good.
ahahaha, i have never seen these before. So fucking good.
Hey.
 do u still wanna skype me?.
No need, what are you gonna wear?.
i have like nothing.
Anything black?.
nothing.
Bring a shirt and tie and I bring the rest.
i dont have black shirt or tie.
bring your blue shirti bring tie.
kkk, what about a sporst jacket.
ya i have one.
me too.
is it black.
its tweed.
nah i'll bring my all black one for you.
k.
yo you coming tmr?.
hell to the yes!.
lol sickkkkk !. DAN U DA MAN. yeah. daniel u call me on da skype???.
K in like 15!. richarrrr. are we doing anything tonight?. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
don't think so....
Richhard.
yoooo.
whats happening in freddy?.
same old, just got back from an asian party....
you fuck black tooth????.
i thought that was your duty??.
GUILTY! so wanna hang when i get back?.
sure ! when are you back?.
sunday night...
lol thats the night blacktooth 2.0 comes.
2,0???.
lol my second cousin. are you taking the midnight flight?. from toronto.
man, i drove....
dude lol long drive.
haha not that bad.. like 13 hours!.
man wanna on monday ? we can get josh and liam and go downtown or something.
naw tuesday, when is josh mac leaving!.
he left today haha. hes in nova scotia staying at his cousins college dorm or something.
haha, nice nice, so did u hang with alvin yet?.
lol yeah we had a poker night at j lius and alvin went.
NNNNNIce !!! hey man i went to china town and saw a david daye look alike!!.
hahahahaha! you should of taken a picture.
i tryed but the fucker was slitting a japs throat!.
lmao thats pretty badass.
then he bathed in the blood, then shit every where....
oh godd, that went from badass to just awful.
Not going to lie, it was kinda hawt..
lol he was doing it you should of said niiiiiicccceeeeee!.
oh i did.
hahaha im gonna go watch this movie and go to bed. peace.
what movie?. when are hanging?. ?.
i can't today , my cousin was supposed to come last night but she's coming today at 5 cuz of the hurricane. how bout tmr?.
kk.
kk cool.
where?\.
downtown?.
yeah, sounds good, so josh smoked pot.
ahh you found out?.
haha yeah he told me, what do u mean found out?.
Skype?.
what?.
lol nvm, yeah anyways they did after poker night lol. apparently it didn't have an effect on josh though.
hahah yeah i heard, so are u and chris going to have an intervention for him?.
..........
haha.
lol, im okay with it, don't know about chris though. oh yeah i just called karim and he says he can come tmr.
sweet where is he now?.
at home.
k whats his number?.
4545678.
k i want to hang with him..
k he says we should just go to his house and get him.
now?.
lol no tmr.
man, do u have to hang with ur cousin??.
i have to go out to supper with her....
when will u be back?.
like around 7:30.
wanna hang then?.
k where?.
down town, where are u eating?.
east side marios i think.
hahahahha yeah, just go down town after, where do u want to eat?.
dude can you go on Skype?.
?hey wanna hang.
I'm with alvin haha.
haha i dont care he can come].
lol where?.
idk, ur place!.
yeah u can come now but you have to leave at supper time..k? :P.
hahah, why?.
thats what mama du said hahah.....
1we. RICAHHHD. RICHARD. OMG.
yes ali and joli?.
NO. wanna hang tmr\?.
sure, tomorrow... late afternoon?.
?yeah yeah where. ?.
idk man ur choice!.
hawt. idk downtowns. ]. oh i broke up with monica.
i heard....
ahha from.
joli lol.
nice... so what do u wanna do tmr>\.
hmm.. i have doctors appointment til, 3:30. so meet me downtown at like 4?.
yeah sounds good jmac and  karim will be there too i think.
alright cool. when are they going?.
idk they havent got back to me.
kk sound good. meet at like. idk. second kings place?. second cup kings place.
yeah. eyah. yeah. ayeah.
lol k.
wanna stay the night here...?.
sure. but i gotta leave early in the morning.
kk y>?.
i have a meeting thing.
aa?.
hm?.
HM?.
H&M?.
hookers and moneys!.
i was thinking of the clothes store but that works too!.
yeah1! igtg. film fest skype call?.
$10.
ahahahah.
put it in yo bagggg.
maybe.
wtf.
trololo. ill do it in the morning... my parents are in bed..
alright.
Is the mvie done.
uploading right now.
Seck where will it be?>.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvQh4psOOH0. watch in 720p.
like my comment?.
very nice. is it good?.
Yeah man it turned out great,.... would have been better without a shitty camera man....
fuck you bigdanman!!!.
trololol. are u going to the avenger tonight?.
Probably not, I have badminton.
k..
cool beans..
come. is it done.
nope not yet. its way longer then i though. t.
lol when will it be done?.
tmr, i already editted for 4 hours and my computer is like overheating.
haha, how long is the video going to be?.
like 8 minutes. OH SHIT ITS MY BDAY. LALALALAA.
Thats a birthday song...?.
LALALALALALASUCKAPENISLALALALAA. ^^ THATS a bday song.
HAhaha, so what did u think of the acting today?.
lol its was funny, probably the best acting in a short so far. the whole short doesnt have one serious moment. its like one big joke.
hahah, man adam is a laughing machine.
hahahah i know, thats one of the reasons why its such a pain to edit, in some of the shots hes just smiling.
hahaha, I know man, haha, how close to finished are yoy?.
Pretty close, I just need to add music, sounds, color correction, credits, bloopers and the last 30 seconds of the short.
are u actually doing the fighting scene.
I might cut that out cuz its kinda boring. But I did edit it already.
hahha, it seemed shitty....
Meh, its not bad although it was kind of rushed.
Hahah, what time are u going to post it tomorrow?. is it done yet?.
its uploading right now.
is it goof. good.
its pretty good. but you can be the judge.
is it up yet?.
50 mins. its in 1080p.
Holy fuck....
yuppp.
how long now?.
42 mins. its pretty acurate.
ahah lol. How much longer....
its done, just give me asec.
k. whats taking so long.
its processing.
how much longers.
chillll bro.
ILL KILL!.
lol. http://youtu.be/UkIw5qjKBhE. watch in hd. 1080p. best quality.
IT sucked....
you wathced it that fast?.
ahha. Just finished it... Embraising.
lolololol. love the bird shrieks.
Fuck man.
what?.
haha, did you really need to put in 5 minutes of bloopers.
lol there was way too much bloopers.
ahahaah.
love the nipple rubs by you.
fuck off man.
haahahahah.
man who is in ur la class.
no one you would care about man. alicia colter. umm. coel storey. pat kendall. luc belzile. amy russell.
AMY RUSSEL>>>>>>>. The kollest gurl in da skool.
^^ YOU NO IT!.
Hey.
sup bro.
Did ya hear ma name on da anouncements.
for src?.
Yeah.
you werent at school?. for last period?.
Yeah, but i was wondering if u heard what they said at the end?.
YOU MADE IT. but idk what they said in the end. cuz mr peters has a fucking ridiculous announcement voice.
yeah I know that.... HAHHA I KNOW.
what did you think that they said?.
I thought they said go to the office, but i am not sure....
sorry dude, i didnt hear.
Fuck you man,,,, DICK DU hAS great ears!!!1.
too many ear infections has done me wrong.
I will screw a screw into ur ear....
im gonna stick a sharpie in your pooper.
GOOD.
ur into that now, huh?.
Always have been,.... why arnt you going to lunch.
lol. band.
fgt.
thanks bro.
muah.
smooches!.
kk. wanna hangout tmr?.
sure when?.
like one up town. and jmac want u to pick him up.
at 1?.
yeah.
kk.
can u pick up jmac.
probs not, no car.
how u getting there then?.
takin a bus. its the only way i can get any where lol.
poor boy du.
yup.
did u hN WIT Krim?. jang. hang.
saw him today. didnt hang much.
what did u do?.
just saw him at the multicutural festival.
oh how was that?.
didnt see him much. he was working at samosa stand.
nig.. how did timmy lee dd go.
wut?.
deagon dance.
pretty good.
doubt it....
i'll be at your place a little late tonight. like maybe around 9:30, i gotta run a few errands.
k\.
cool.
when u come home?.
This Saturday morning. When did you go to Europe?.
I just got back 2 days ago.
Nice, let's hang when I get back.
naw, I hate so its cool....
fucker.
dick what up.
waddupp dan. today was the last day. at shad.
Sad day?.
yup, pretty sad.
u in a hotel now?.
yup chillin at my hotel.
ahahah, what time is it there?.
9:48.
so U in for the night.
yup. getting room service.
really?.
yup. never gotten it before. feeling like a boss.
dick du livin da life..
mothafucka, don't give a fuck.
haha, can u skype?.
sure, in a bit.
u skyping wit mia and woojay.
just mia.
Playa playa....
you know me..... dicks always on top of the game.
lul, do u have ur laptop yet?.
nahhh. still waiting. using my old one.
isnt it broken?.
got a new hard drive. you on. Skype?.
wanna hang tmr?.
sure bro.
wanna go to the lake?.
killarny?.
yha. yes.
how bout we chill downtown?. cuz i have an internship. until like 3:30.
k.
cool.
When do u start tmr/.
9am.
are u excited?.
lol not reallyy. im shit tired.
haha. yeah how was ur flighht?.
i slept the whole way. fuck, i missed the breakfast on the plane. i was so pissed haha.
haha, plane breakfast is shit....
no dude. i was in first class.
haha oh shit yeah, dont be so stupid next time....
hahah yeh. get jliu to come tom?.
yeh, I just asked, now we need to see if karim will come....
...... oh god. is jliu coming?.
yeah.
cool.
k gtgt.
peace cya tom. when and where are we hanging out today?.
hows work.
fucking awesome.
reallly?.
Yeeee.
what did ya do.
Lol still nothing lmaoo. We just chilled and talked about shad.
u are sooo fucking lucky.
Lolol yeaaaa. Alright bro, I told Mia that you're going on the camping trip bad she's pretty excited.
why did u throw in a bad for no reason.
Idk I still need to get used to this keyboard lol.
oh did u get the sIII.
Yup.
what do ya think>.
Fucking awesome. But that means I'm on the same level as Karin.
haha, have u gt ur laptop yet.
Nah another week or two I think. Apple is slow.
u prob got it but jenny broke it....
Lol Jenny smashed it on half with her knee.
lul. Hye man do u have that old shirt of mine and that black hat of mine.
Hmmm... when did you leave it here?.
the shirt was when we did the tkm and the hat was like a year ago, the hat was like velvet and looked like a diamond kinda.
II'll check tmr. But I'm gonna go to bed. Peace man.
kk see ya. wanna hang this weekend..
I'm going on vacation with my parents.
oooooh, where?.
bar harbour.
cute vaykay..
very quaint. very cute..
how was vaykay.
gud. it was pretty chill.
sounds like it....]. howz work?.
i got work tmr lol. second week. probably gonna be ez. lol.
what do u do there].
nothing.
no really.. u dont do anything?.
pretty much lol. listen to presentations and stuff.
they pay u to watch presentations....
lol yup. and also. we sit it with people in the afternoon. to watch them work haha.
luck.... what u going to spend ur cash on.
I'm going to shad cup in october. so i need to buy plane tickets haha.
what is that.
its like the national competition for our shad projects. in waterloo.
cool. u should walk....
save money, good exercise. all good.
bring crack....
even better.
who else from ur shad is going>.
like 30 people. from shad ubc. is going.
so half.
pretty much because most of them live in ontario anyways.
yeah. when do u finish ur job.
the 24th. is the last day.
u pumped.. 4 skool.
lol nope. like first week yea. but then no.
i no].
yup.. all the back to school stuff is out.
ahah, getting some back to school clothes....
nice nice. i got some this weekend.
where did u go?.
bangor.
what u get].
some shirts. some jeans. some sweaters. a micture. mixture.
classy as fuck.
yea. prett much. dick knows class.
what kind of shirts u get.
t shirts. and color shirts.
no where from.
ohhhhh. hollister. gap. ae. af.
dtf. #asianfasion.
fashionista.
what did donglea get.
a nice shirt. and some beers.
and jen-dawg.
some sunglasses. clothes. and some decorations for da new housee.
cuteeeeeeeeeeee, man whats the deal with every asian woman, they love thier sun glasses///.
idk man. my mom always buys cheap ones. they break after like 2 weeks. and then she tries to fix them herself with a screwdriver. it never works.
jenny needs to think...].
welllll. what can ya do.
who ya skyping wit?.
no one atm.
where is seshu going?.
france i think.... idk when he's leaving tho.
oh that essay shit.
haha yeaa. he's pretty lucky. its all paid for. by them.
that is pretty sick....
yea haha. maybe he'll get some french girls.
ahaha unlikely.... although u never knwo.
lol french indian chick?.
fuck yea. I bet u would  love one of them.
dude... u know how i feel about indians.......
yet ur friends wit seshu///.
indian females.
oh, so u hate niki.
actually. shes not the greatest haha.
lol what?.
i hate niki.
why>? u saw her last in grade 6....
dude she's cocky man.
she.. i didnt like her either.... she isnt bad looking though.
dude are you fucking kidding me.
take a second look....
hmmm..... she lost weight. still not great looking lol.
ahahaha jelous....
no man. dick du. is sexy.
u need to get a GF tthis year.
man done deal.
ahaha who?.
idk. things will work out.
gotta man. Shit. what about amanda?.
nah bro. dont dig that no more.
that wut u dig.
wut?.
who u likin'.
ohhhhhhh. idk bro. dude, i had to switch out of cs 12 because i had course conflicts. also mrs. wilkins said that i wasnt allowed taking it without taking gr 11 cs. you might wanna check on that.
Did you go to the school today?.
Yea.
what class got in the way....
cs 12 lol.
what did it get in the way of?.
music.
man.....
yea?.
do CS... It makes more sense....
i am doing cs. cs 11.
MANNN>>>>> U dont have to take 11 to do 12 I asked miss Brooks... also u learn BASIC in cs11, which they stopped using in 2003,,,.
dude the woman who puts together all the courses told me i cant.
She was lying... Ill check it out tmr....
lol k.
man whens that camping trip?.
17th-19th. of august.
can i still go.
yea of course.
kk cool.
I have your ipod.
sick.. can i pick up my shit tonight?.
just came home and my mom isn't home yet. she knows where all your shit is. btw, I've been vegetarian for the last 3 days.
nice man, are u losing weight?.
We'll see after a week.
lol, do u eat tofu and shit?.
lol yup and eggs.
nce u should go vegan....
Thats too tough man, maybe after  a couple months?. Are you vegan?.
fuck no man, ii dont think i could do that,,,.
Vegetarian? Yo im not eating fish.
#dedication,.
when did you come to my house?!.
u were at the gym.
hey idk when i can hang out today. projec still not done....
lol, k we can justhang tomorrow.
hahah aight.
when u wanna hang.
1:30 downtown?.
where we meetÉ.
hmmm. idk. second cupp. Yo where are you?. Get a fucking phone.
ftp. can u bring my shirt?.
which shirt?.
dont forget. Would u be up for shooting a short little movie sometime this week???.
sure when?.
tmr?.
I have band tmr.
friday?.
I have production Friday lol.
Saturday ? also can u get seshu's camera for the shoot.
production saturday all day. seshus in it too. sundays good though.
K, good, we dont necessarily need him, but if we do, he will be the wife..
sexy.. come see chess.
i already am]. hey do u have that game i made of you.
nope. why?.
i need it, why dont you have it....
lost it. when. my hard drive crashed. on my lat computer. why do you need it?.
shit ll. for a progect.
lol wtf.
ject.
?.
Now I need a way to find it.
lol. if you pass that in for your project. youre gonna get a 0.
ahahha, Itss soooo goood.
what kind of project?. is my face being used for?.
its for entpreneurship.
okay i still dont see how that links. but good luck. im going to bed.
kk. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSYCwxt78jY Stop at 7:11, is that dong.
yo dude. what did mr peters. do on the last day of school before christmas break last year. because he said "you dont want to miss it". if its not important, then i wont go to school tomorrow.
sucks off the entire class///.
.... fuck it, im going.
and then he shows the exam questions.
like all of them?.
alot of dem,.
ahhhh, is it worth going to?.
meh, for your 87 yes.
88*. actually....
shit.
yea get your shit together.
shit dude im going to be a little late, may at like 2.
kk.
is shesu there?.
hes sick.
:'(.
Wanna go skiing with me and big al tomorrow. Shit nvm. I can't go. Actually wait. Yes you wanna come tomorrow?.
NO.
u fuckerrrrrrrrr.
i got shit to do.
no lets go. get chris too. dudes day on tha slopess. whens jliu coming back again?.
I think hes back now.
Ahh kk. Did you finish that bid?. Vid.
naw, i need to skype with u later about it. or now/?.
I'm leaving for the gym.
kk.
So in about 2 hours?.
k.
Lost 10 lbs bitchrzzzzz.
so 3lbs since 2 days ago.
Yep.
Skype tonight, we should talk about the free the children thing.
sure. whennn.
now?.
timothys over. in like 30 mins?.
kk. and why wasnt I invited?.
cool asians over 200 lbs only. very exclusive.
Fuck you Dad!.
hah. haha.
u done.
5 mins, take a dump.
j. k.
get on skype dude.
Link me the add.
http://youtu.be/wKemMx9-68A. did you edit the other one?.
Not yet... Did u send it to alicia yet?.
yep.
What did she say about it?\.
Alicia ColterHahaha I love it! Thank you so much!.
dope.
sickkkkk brah. man remember those bangs last night that we heard. we thought it was lightning and thunder?. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/story/2013/01/29/nb-fredericton-shooting-742.html.
HOLY FUCK!. Where is this relative to your house.
1.5 blocks away. actually maybe 2.
FUCK.
lol yeah. pretty cray.
Still, thats crazy!.
yeahhh, timothy told me. i was like. shiiiittttt. lincoln heights is that ghetto.
ahah the mean street of lincoln.
born and raised in a tough neighborhood, richard du..
I smell a new rap.
yup. i'll deliver it tmr.
im pump.
You owe me 5$ , please bring it tmr. i found black richard!. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4196402222224&set=a.1558258150271.2081386.1049786539&type=1&theater.
AHAH howÉ.
one of my friends from shad goes to mcgill. and he was tagged in a photo.
weird.
yup. http://youtu.be/BfjpxHLmuSY.
LOVE IT!. Wanna hang ??.
yeah when.?.
Now I am at Josh's.
kk whats up?.
just come over, noting is up..\].
yup, i'll be there in an hour or so. did you ask chris?.
no ask him noq. now.
you ask him. im asking alvin.
k. Richard, can you bring my tripod, wallet and ur snowball mic?.
get off my fb.
lol wut.
werent you the one that was writing on peoples walls?.
... No.
the fuck....
hmm, Who did they post on?.
mias wall. and. max.
haha shit. Why you called me?.
I was horny....
Are you with the boys?. BOYS?.
Yea.
Who?.
Karim and chria.
Come pick me up. !!!.
Nah. I need to leave soon.
ffffffffff\. Where are you?. We are making a movie next weekend, also make this ur PP.
kk, too much b&w. im not going to school tmr.
yY?.
i have a 102 fever.
hot.
ik.
We really should make a movie for this: http://www.cbc.ca/shortfilmfaceoff/. I kinda have a screen play.
yeah?. is it like. psycological. shit.
Kinda. Its about a kid who acts crazy to make people do things for him and then he breaks into his Principles house and gets shot.. . This is what I have so far.. also make that photo ur cover.
lmao. too black and white. portrait. s. makes me look like a fucker.
Look at ur PP now..
yeah. but. this will be like. gotry x2.
I make another one one sec. read the Screen plat. play.
yepp. doing it. lmao. lmaoooo. you spelled title. like. tit-tle.
.
wow.. that is... great, i love it!.
make it ur cover photo.
no. kk lets shoot it. whos kip?.
me?.
whos old lady?.
thts a good question.
your mom.
we could replace her with Jenny.
jenny would never do it.
y?.
. finish your part mannnnnn.
Msg me ur shit too.
josh has all of it... ask him for it. just woke up, will be there at 2 ish'.
Where are youÉ.
where to meet tmr?.
Doesn't matter, but Chris is out so we need to find a new old man.
fuck. kk. random asian guy in chinese school?.
really?.
i'll do i. t.
You be the old man?.
yeah.
Then we will need a camera guy....
we'll switch. and then the tripod. it'll be ok.
There are scenes that can Alvin?.
he has work tmr. get jliu. he lives close to chinese school.
He will fucking hate it... he will say no.
pay him with starbucks.
I want you on the camera. Lets just find an new old man.
wow, im flattered. fine. umm. limin?.
ahahaha, That would be so weird...
hes a fredericton celebrity though.
The old man is a big part... i doubt he will do it..
your dad?.
My Dad hates acting in anything... Ill check kijiji. Seshu?.
oh yeah. fuck. i just hung up on him on skyp. e.
Call him back and ask him.
yep. how long do we need him for?.
Like an hour or 2.
what time?.
When do we have access to Chinese school?.
ahhh he cant do it.
:'(. Who else.
hmm. idk, you have more friends than me.
True that!. Mia?.
as an old man?.
It is a principle... so she can be young. maybe she looks too young///.
she can probably do her makeup to make her look older.
Ask.
yep. she didnt reply....
Shit.
yea....
Any ideas.
idk, do you?.
joli?.
sure. ask her. dude mia replied. did you ask joli yet?.
No reponce, what did mia say.
should i ask her?. i havent asked her yet.
Ask!.
kk she goes to work at 11:15. and gets off at 4:15.
fuck.
now what?.
hmmm. What about jack?.
go on skype. mia wants to talk.
Tmr wanna come over and we can shoot the rest of the movie then power edit it for 5 pm friday?.
ahhhhhhhhhhhh. cant.
Y.
i have band, and then going to the library with a few bois.
WHo and why.
do you need to know every FUCKING detail of my life??????. tom, yoon, irina and daniel.
Fuck that.
math problem set.
When is it due.
tuesday. but its long.
You have the whole weekend.
lets do friday. all day.
K. but, we will need like the whole day.
kkk.
It is coming together pretty nice when you come over we will have to shoot a scene of me beating your ass. so wear the same shit you did the first time.
idk what i wore. what did i wear?.
sec. Blue  sweater V-Neck and blue checker collar shirt..
pants?. if its the dark khakis, theyre gonna smell like fuck cuz ive already worn them 5 times.
They were light.
kk the same deal with those. kk im gonna go do the laundry noow.
DOPE, I am going to be. bed.
no youre not.... ya fucking liar.
Well i am going to go read a book..
nice, hang ten.
I do what i can.
keep doing what youre doing brah, cuz its working wonders.
You coming tmr?.
Yeah what time?.
Like 9.
In the morning?.
Ya.
Shibal Kim Jung eun.
For the glory of North Korea.
That was Yoon, I'll be there at 10.
When will Yoon be here?!?! We and him are practicing for the Korean talent show tonight.... Bring your bag full of lights and shit. I think my charger is in there..
Kkk.
wanna hang/shoot a music vid for jakob?.
Yo, wanna go see the cherry orchard???.
Already saw, but i will go with you again.
Naw its cool.
did u go?.
No haha.
Lets go to Ingmara's thing tonight! To perfect.
dude send me that pic.
kk. Here. gimme credz.
its too close to the last profile pic. i'll wait like a couple weeks.
kk.
yo. we're picking joli up at 8.
kk.
when do i pick you up?.
630?. whens best for you.
probably aroundthen. I'm cominh. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ObHuRcquqc&feature=youtu.be. thats jacks. heres seshus. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=qbUGMY9AxH4.
Jack's is dope.
hahahah yeah. seshus?. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGoS6CqCU8k. heres vaishus for comparison hahahahaha.
ahaah saw it already.
lmaooooo.
Are we hanging tonight?.
Yeah what time?.
now?.
How about at 10.
What the fuck?.
Yes?.
Why so late?.
Hhahah why do you think.
Band>?.
Unb.
oh, kk, lets just not then.
Fine. Bro!. are you coming?.
where?.
Nvm. Last night on Skype hahha.
Bring my cam tmr?.
yeah. but. i'll give it to you after school. im not going to school tmr.
kk meet me in the caf.
sure. daniel i want picture. of chin.
lets hang\. Where you?.
Are you still there. I texted josh that I couldnt go. pro tip. take that old doc vid off of youtube.
i did.
ahhh smart boy.
LEts see the pics you took.
yeah okay. . ther ya go.
shit. so dope.
i know brahhh. and im writing a poem too. so its pretty random project but. the quality is pretty good.
ya. .
dan can you send me that pic. of me and mia. i want to prof it.
. Give my mom photo credzz.
Will do brooooo.
spelled pegi wrong....
how do i spell it?. pegi?. really?. its not peggy?.
pegi.
kk. r u serious.
hahaha look how mia spelled it ya dick.
hahahaha i saw it. and i changed it. lutes.
Ya. You uppp.
Yeah. What's up?.
skype need help. .
whos hugo botch.
Leo.
ohhhhhh lolol.
. What room u in. Random Error		At times it was unclear if the image was focused or not on the screen. This issue 			was far more apparent when using both the concave and convex lenses at the 			same time, which  lead to a wide margin in error in reading from the meter stick, 			roughly ± 3cm. 		Light interference from other groups light sources. 		Due to the width of the lens clamp rings, the lenses could be place in the center of 		the clamp, or off of the center point. The clamps also did not ensure the lens was 			vertical. 	Systematic Error		The lens clamp obstructed the view of the numbers on the meter stick. 		Trial # 1 in fig. 1.2 is omitted because the image formed of the screen was 				a double image. 		The data readings were also affected by parallax due to the configuration of the 			equipment. 			Precision Measures  		Meter stick.. YOU LIKE WHAT YOU SEE..
Stop. Messaging me.
PLease stop racism now!!. Donate. $$$.
are you guys done?.
.
. Hey what's a clever caption for my profile pic?.
Im a Chink.
Nope. Something less offensive.
Well i am fresh out ideas.. There is nothing 2 pun on in the pics.
Doesn't have to be a pun.
what else would it be.
A joke?.
What does a chinaman and an ape have in common, nothing, they are both sub human.....
Hahahaha thanks man, I'll think of something. You're too offensive.
I let u know if I think of something.
Kkk. looks like your prof pic was a BIG HIT.
$$$$$.
hahahah. guess what i just found. i video of us free styling around last christmas.
Ahahhaha oh good god. How is it?.
hahahah we were so much fucking weider. weirder.
Ahahha what did I rap about?.
your main bitch shelley. and kelley.
Ahahahha post on utube as an unlisted vid then link..
hahahahah kk. i thought we were weird as fuck now. but man. were we weird.
Ahahahhaahah link me. I want to hate my self..
2 minutes til uploaded.
Hahah god.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEoZsKa6lnM&feature=youtu.be. hahahahhaha. starts at 0:50.
Ahhahahahhahahahahahah what the fuckkkkkkkk.
haahahahahah yeah. we were at the lowest of the low.
Dude go on skype nowwww.
k.
U post that vid..
its uploading rn. its like. 6gbs.
ETA?.
6 hrs. tonite.
hahaha.
hahaha yeah i know. its fucking ridiculous. you still with rach?.
No.
i want a new prof pic. search yo camera. plz.
Lol kk later why???.
hahah no reason. im bored of my prof pic.
Kk.
find any?. pick up on Skype.
Lol. One sec.
one se. c. as in like a minute. or an hour.
lol wtf?.
nig look in ur cam.
yeye. where are you?.
unb. u?.
homr.
cute.
one sec ill look.
kkk. yo what are you doing tonight?.
IDK... trying to get sum studying in. The only pics I have of u is when u were fat.
hahahaha. wanna do something l8er?.
When?.
idk.
PHOTO SHOOT.
11. 10:30.
WTF.. why so fucking late.
im studying hah.
What are u studyinh?.
fizz.
Wit who?.
big al.
That slimy old dick.....
i know.
Lets just hang now....
i want to study. its a saturday whatever.
ahaha, come at 930. u still have all of tmr///.
i dont like. one day cramminh. i never do well.
Leave at 930.. that gives u an hour.
i'll see. how much ido.
kk. . Here.
hahahahahaha.
.
good shit.
.
send me the full version. on email. ruiqi.du@gmail.com.
There.
yo nig. you want a xmas present?.
????.
what. everyones getting xams presents.
Who??.
like i have to get joli and rachel stuff because theyre getting me stuff.
I hate presents.. so no.
hahahahah ur a fucker. but okay.
Where are you?.
at home. why?.
JW. What u getting the galz?.
They both want bras.
AHAHAHHA. Gay best friend.
So I have no fucking clue. How I'm gonna do this shit. Hahahahah fuck.
Get them bras. but like D cups so they wont fit.....
Hahahah f cups. "You'll grow in to them".
ahahahhaahha, buy them slutty thongs that say Richie's Girl on the ass.
Hahahha property of Richie.
Buy them underwear with shit stains in them... And when they ask what is wrong with them. just smile and wink....
Or I can cum all over then. And then give them. Masturbate to thongs.
Still wet with semen, then ask them to try them on the infront of you.
Then I'll whisper "I hope they get pregnant" under my breath over and over.
All of this crying, infront of the entire Chinese community in Fredericton..
That's the dream.
Cream Dream 111..
lmao look at this. https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/893906_502847893156584_1947927714_o.jpg. so fucking douchey.
Ahhaahahha Koreans = worst race.
hahahahah keep in mind. this is the university of toronto student association. not the korean mafia businessmen of toronto.
Ahahhahaha. I wish there was just one white guy in the foto.
daaaannnnnn. sendme those casino night pics.
. Dude,  what up?.
Making a cake.
Where?.
Tess. Why what's up.
Jw jw. What street?.
Why?.
U told.me once, that there is a court with the same name.. Jw.
Haha I don't want u here.
Ascot.
What the fuck. hahahahah fuck.
What, brendady.
hahahahah yeah. 7 likes hahah.
Dude, go knock on his door.
https://www.facebook.com/keyhan.afzalian. ATTENTION DANIEL. RACHELS PHONES DIED.
Whattta dick.
SHELL BE ON IN A SEC.
Kk. What is happening 4 new years.. Get together tmr nite. My place.
hhahaha ok.
Who u want?.
i already talked to abbey.
What she say?.
she's up for it.
Devil Dick.
Where?????.
did u finish the vid yet?.
Yeppp.
Link me.
People won't let me upload it.
Upload on utube as unlisted.
Ya I will later. Its not that great.
Yea. I figured it wouldnt be.
Lol. What are you doing rn.
Working on my seminar. WBu.
Nothing. Are you almost done?.
Just started. lol. Whens the physics test?.
Wednesday. I thought it was Tuesday.
Okay good. I think I can study for that in like a day, it was pretty short wasnt it.
Yeah man im just gonna cram for it tmr and Tuesday. Fuck I'm bored.
hahah, go hang with some one. Also how was ski trip.
Hahahah I cancelled it. Tess is ignoring me that bitch.
how u no?.
Not replying.
Any progress with her?.
Yeah kind of. Do you know where Rachel is. I found her old phone.
Yea, Im with  the bitch rn.
Tell her.
i did.
Kk sweet.
hot..
Yo dude.
.
Haha fucking peter cai.
HAHA WHAT?.
Hahaha peter cai is such a douche on fb.
also real life. but no test.
Haha you don't want a test?.
Fuck that test..
yo dude.
Yea?.
what u doin?.
Watching movie wbu?.
nothin. i was gonna ask if you wanted to hang.
Gay.
but now im really. tired.
Mmmkkk. Yo Rich, where u at?.
Home, what's up?.
I need my phone cord. I left it in ur car.. Are u going to the sub tonight?.
Yeah.
Pick me up when u go?. Or actually i could just meet you there. when are u going?.
Yeah meet me there. 5ish.
kk.
Coool. Hey are you there.??.
Hry. Kk thx.
Yep.
WHOS AT THE SUB?.
No one. All hil.
whos there?.
Like our entire high school haha. Party walkers. The becs and company. Tangs and friends. The crew. Monica Allaby.
u have a room?.
No. I'm at home.
oh. y?.
Family supper haha.
oh. u going back tonght?.
Probably but fuck man. Becs are so annoying.
are they with u guys?. were*.
In the red room. If we get a room. That's even more unproductivr. How much fizzix have u done?.
Physics guys should get a room and guys the questions dunfield will give.. A fair amount.
Ok.
sweet! when u going to be there. <<<<<.
I'm here.
Almost all of it. Are u at the hil yet?.
Yea.
U got a room.
Not yet. Dan doesn't want to yet.
Ahahha. Kk. I'll b there at like 7 I thibk.
Sweeeet. Come get the door. yo.
Yea!.
what u up to.
With rach.
cute. i have ur dads blackie. blankie.
Haja. Give it to him. What are u doing tonight.  We can all habg.
i can hang from like 9:30 - 10:30 :/.
Sure. U can pic me up at r dawgs. She isn't coming I don't think..
Cool. Yo can u send me a pic of tmrs quiz?.
Qhat u mean..
Chem quiz.
Yeah but what the fuck are you talking about. Like last years quiz??.
Yeah. Rachels. Hellooooo?.
Calm down. Im busy!.
Whennnnn. ????????.
.
thx homie. yo.
ya.
wanna hang out.
Im with rachelllll.
ahhh okay. yo do u have tmrs quiz?. yo.
Yea.
wanna hang.
Sure man. Im wit rachel. See if joli wants to hang.  We can all hang and bamg.
hahahah hang and bang?. cool one sec... she's not responding. never mind, she finishes work in a bit and then she'll call me.
Kk. What ever. Just come over I guess.. Kk..
okay she's driving over. im gonna shower and i'll be over in 30.
K see you then.
Yo wanna go study for chem?. .
. . Why is question 4 on the test wrong?  Why did she lose three points??.
Because the final temp. Is not 0. So you need nH+MCT=mct.
Kk. Thx.
Yepp. Yo Dan can u send me a pic of ur chem worksheet?.
Still working. .
Cool.
Nudes coming later.
Sick can't wait. Yo big wanna hang out.
Just finished hockey.  Sure if ur still down.
hahaha alright im coming over. yo dan. can i have tmr quiz. cant afford another 73 haha.
I dont have it.
fuckkkkk. itda okay. Call me when you see this.
Im at drama. What upp?.
Can we do that thing tonight at your place? I forgot that I had a meeting until at least 9.
I have drama till 10..
Hahah shit that's late.
Ahah yea..
Alright I'll just say 9 then whatever.
Ahah kkkk. Who is going???.
Rachel joli. Alvin. Dan he. Josh apparently. Josh lee that is.
Ahahha. Should be a weird night....
Hahaha how are you getting there.
My dad will drive me over after drama..
Okay sweet. I have ur glasses.
Oh fuck. Kk thx. Also can u send a pic of the bonus?.
yea. . Yo.
Sned me pic of ws. And ill send a pic of quiz. I have this one. But I cant send till later cuz I have drama.
K.
U done yet?.
quiz. . quiz plz.
Sec. .
yo dude. go on skype for a sec. chem question. . . . . . chem hw tmr?.
Yea. I havent started and I dont know what it is...
what is it though?.
Idk. Its on a student not. Its not a ws.. Did u do the hw?.
ya.
Can u send a pic?.
. .
Thxx.
mines downstairs. these are dans.
Wait do we only have 2 do 4 and 5.
yeah.
Oh kk thx.
do you have tmrs quiz.
. Hey just founf it.
Haha dope.
But we hvnt learned this stuff yet have we???.
How are you getting to grad dinner tmr?.
Idk. U need a drive?.
Nahh. I was wondering if u did.
Oh. Yea sure. Ill take one.
K sweet. Hmm. I'll be leaving from my dads award ceremony thing. Do you wanna just go to that?. Or no.
I cant. I have dentist after school.
Where ur dentist?.
Downtown. But ill go home from there 2 change.
OK cool. We havent learnt. This shit.
I no. I think its gonna an easi quizz.. Night.
Yeah night.
Do u have a pic of WS 19-2.
. . . .
Thx.
You going to Mardi gras today?.
no.
Haha.
;). :P.
Good one.
thanks :). you know ... youre a real friend :).
Who the fuck are you???. It can't be rachel.
it isnt.
Oh. Okay.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10202914843145976&set=a.1489166923034.64687.1649794716&type=1&theater.
I saw..... Its awful. You there?.
yeay. when u back?.
I'm back now. Wanna hang out tonight?. I'm really need to talk.
sure.
To someone. Feeling kinda down. Kk.
come over?.
Yeah. Yoooo can you open the door.
kk. Do  we have a quiz tmr?.
I wasn't in class today and I have the ap physics exam tmr morning.
Ok.
Dude. Do you get what we're doing in chem?.
No. Lol.
U going to chem tmr?.
Ya u?.
If I go I'm gonna fail the quiz. How are u gonna write the quiz?.
Wing it dude.
I actually have no idea. Did not go to a single. Organic chem lecture class.
hahahahahahahahhhahaahhahahah.
Dude I am so fucked.
Just tell her.. . I dont think hes whipped..
Disgusting.. You going to school tmr?.
Probably.  Y?.
Just wondering. Not sure whether to go or not. Hanging out tmr night?.
sureee.
yo wanna hang out?.
Im at boston pizza..
Haha fuck. After?.
Im wit rachel tonight. Wanna hang tmr?.
ya sure dude. i think i found ur camera charger btw.
Oh sick!!!.
yo nig we hanging out tonight right?.
yeye, when?.
after supper?.
kkk.
sickk. Hey I'll be over at 9ish.
kk.
Yo when I going to UNB.
Probs at 530?. y?.
just wondering when people were going.
When are you going?.
probably like 5:45.
kk. . Mikeeee.
Hahaha yeah I saw. Dude I heard about what happened.
Yea. Are u with her rn?.
Nope.
When u getting back?.
monday morning 2am.
Ahah How is it there?.
hahah fucking hot. and dirty. and the food is good. since i got here. i havent ate one meal at home. all restaurant.
How much weight gain?.
0.
Ahah. What kind of shit are u doing there?.
Hahah touring around and shit. Seeing my dying grandpa today. . I have my own driver over to his city haha. I haven't seen my parents in a week.
Why aren't you in the front seat?.
My uncle was telling the guy where to go and then he went home. He was in the front.
Ahah. Is it the third there?.
Hahaha nope it's kinda awkward. Just us 2.
Haha I mean is the date july third. Haha. Are u talking 2 the guy?.
. Hahahaha yeah July 3rd morning. Lol I was then stopped. Then I started falling asleep and then he woke me up with conversation again hahahaa. How was Canada day.
Kinda shitty! Went down town nothing was going on. Went 2 a thing at Dejons it was small and kinda sucked..
Didn't hey Rosetta play?.
Yea. I didnt watch them.. Well I saw abit...
I see I see. How's shit with you and a Rachel?. .
A goddamn roller coaster..
Fuck that thumbsup was accidental. Hahaha yeah it seems like it, her happiness is way too dependent on you.
Haha. I know, she was being a total fucking dick to me for awhile. Hows shit with u and tess?.
Yeah, I think Rachel's doing a little better now though. So hopefully she can unfog her mind and shit.. Uhhh same as usual I guess. We talk everyday on fb or Skype. But talking is getting to be more of a chore.
Ahah. Thats not a good sign....
Yeah I know but there's nothing really to talk about. Getting a taste of why long distance relationships don't work.
Ahahah..
Hahahahah. No seriously tho, you don't see them so you forget how much you like them..
Ahahahaha. U have 2 be looking at tess 2 know u like her? Haha.
Hahaha no, like not hearing her talk or hanging out with her. Just messaging is not enough. It gets really dry.
Ahahah. Really dry. Ahah. Just talk less!.
Hahahaha yeah talking less probably will work. Whatever. Going back soon anyway.
Ahah. Whens jakob back?.
Next Tuesday!. A day after me. Pretty good, its exciting. I'm ready to come home tbh.
Ahahah yeah? Does it get boring after awhile?.
Haha yeah, I don't have any friends here. And my parents are in other cities too. I got a new phone haha.
Hahga. What phone?.
Hahah 5s. Surprise gift from my uncle.
Ahahah.. back to that iphone life..
Back to the douche life.
Haha. How u using fb there?.
Pretty cool actually. UNB has a VPN service. And I can install that app on my phone. I think all universities have one so  students and faculty can research the full internet while traveling.
Oh sick. What time is it there?.
8:19am. Fucking woke up at 5.
Oh shit. Why.
Can't sleep past 7 for some reason. Alright dude the 3g is too shitty so I'm gonna get off. I'll see you next week.
kkk peace. Yo dawg why was rachel crying ln?.
I wasn't there for a lot of it, it was mostly abbey and Cassidy who were with her when she was crying. But I think the general idea was that she was just sad because the last time you guys were at my house partying, things were different. I think she was just nostalgic. Oh and I think she was bothered by the fact that dejon came to pick you up too.
Watta dick.
Haha who Rachel?.
Ahha yeah. Well she just always makes me feel guilty. ...
Haha do you think she's doing it on purpose?.
Idk. Either way its kinda shitty 4 me..
Hmm yeah. Did you get it on with dejon?.
Ahaha no. Didnt try.
Haha you shoulda. Prime opportunity.
Haha. If rachel found out she would literally killed herself..
Haha true that.
Whats been going on in feeddy.. Freddy.
Nothing really. Where are u at right now?.
Im in Shediac..
Oh right your mom mentioned that..
Ahah. Man I message rachel like I hope your okay. And she saw it and didn't respond..
When did you send it to her?.
Lol yeah..
No haha, WHEN did you send it to her?.
Thursday night.
i see i see. haha i dont think she couldve really replied to it. like shes not going to say "im not doing okay", which is the truth.
Haha true. She could have said thx.. https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/t1.0-9/10345558_738581236206887_496816005871440419_n.jpg. jeyhab.
Lolololol. you going tonight?.
I am at lake yoho working. Ru?.
yeah man. lake yoho?.
Ahaha. Its 4 cisv. Should be a rowdy nite. 4 u that is.
hahaha yeah gonna bring those cigs. should be rowdy.
Haha. So much 4 waiting for osheaga.
hahahah fuck that shit. okay sneha asked me to hang out. so i gotta go. peace outt.
Get DAT puss. How was it?.
Haha a lot of fucking people were there. Like the entire grad class. It was pretty good overall.
Fuck man! I wish I went.
Haha in the end it got a little crazy.
Like what?.
Bryn and Ryker and silli were on the driveway trying to find people to fight. And one crazy neighbour came out screaming. "You woke my baby!".
Ahahha.
And chasing after people.
Ahahgagagagagagagahaggagahaha. Wanna hang tonight when I get home.
Haha sure dude. It's gonna have to be late tho.
.
I have a yg meeting.
Hahaha. Ight. Did u stay the night there.
I stayed the night at Alicia's. I would have been scared to stay the night there lol.
Ahahaha. Who stayed?.
Dhe. Me. Cass. Kendall. Rachel. Abbey.
I mean like at the party.
oh i dunno hahah.
What are u doing now?. I'm back early.
Nothing. Wanna hang now?.
Ye.
Kkkk. Be there soon.
Kk. . Ahahahahaha.
Hahahahahahahahhaahahhaha. Fuck. How did you find that.
Jared sent it to me. Hahah.
HAHAHAHHA. Oops caps. Where are the other Karin's corners btw.
Haven't done them yet.. 2 lazy..
The one where he laughs is funny.
Haha. Is Karim going 2 Montreal?.
I dunno. His answer is very ambiguous. Try asking him and see.
Ahaha. Who did u hang w/ 2day?.
Hahah the osheaga gang.
How was it with Megan?.
Hahaha pretty good. Can I borrow your cake pans?.
Sure. 4 when?.
Hahaha can I pick them up now?.
Sure. What u making.
Same cake haha.
Yeah. Sure cmon over.
Here.
Sec!.
going to josh macs?.
Naw. I have to wake up tmr morn.. I would go but wouldnt stay the night.
hmmm yeah. me either hahah. tired as fuck. but i wouldnt mind dropping in for a bit. doesnt seem like many people are interested tho.
Yea. Idk. I have plan with my bro tonight to go to the movies.. How was the drive.
pretty good. natasha drove like 2/3 of it. because i was falling asleep atthe wheel. could not handle the 7am wake up.
Ahaha. Meg made you  wake up still.
hahah yea.
Ahhahaa. You in usa yet?.
Yeah man.
. He isnta now.
Hahahaha I saw. His username is "minimike".
Ahhaha. Too good. Where in usa are u?.
Boston rn.
How long u been there?.
This is the second night.
How is it..
Pretty giood. I'm sick tho. U should've come. Andawg is here. And I saw bill today.
Ahah. How the fuck was bill?.
Hahahaha hot. As always. Went for lunch.
What did he get, plate of sadness with a side of creep..
Hahah we are some raw oysters actually.
Did u hear jakobs song. ?.
Which one haha. He has lord. Lots*.
One from today.
What's it called.
Walk freee.
Yeah hahaa. It's good eh.
So good.. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10203535556902376&set=a.1475603702906.67404.1618128759&type=1&theater. . Matched with lua on tinder..
Hahahah I'm with Alvin. Want me to show him?.
Tell him id never fuck with his bitch.
Al says "ah good guy".
haha, hows the big apple.
Pretty good haha. I'm with a lot of fuckers though hahah. I get back tmr.
ahah, when tmrÉ.
Tmr night dawg.
kk lets hang wens or somethin.
Sounds good man. What are you doing tmr during the day bro.
Working. Y?.
I wanted to hang out.
Ahah. Are u frer Friday?.
During the day yeah.
What are u doing that nighy?.
Tess.
Ur doin tess?. Hot.
.
Has smelchel left yet?.
Nope the day before u do.
Typical. What a bitch!.
You got that right!.
Is alvin cummin ova tmr?.
Idk ask him.
I dont want to get what ever illness he has..
Hahaha fair enough. So u hanging out tmr day.
Cant man. I have to work!. . Got that good shit.
Nice bro. Did I ever give back those cake pans to you.
Naw. I don't think so..
Nvm found em haha.
are u makin a cake.
Nope I'm pissing into the cake pans and then baking them at 700 Celsius. Don't worry I didn't forget to pre grease.
AHAHAHAHHAHA..
There ya go.
Dude u gotta ice bucket.
Hahaha I'm gonna ice bucket. When's everyone going?.
8.
I'll be a bit late.
Kk.
http://guides.macrumors.com/Clean_Install_of_OS_X_10.6_Snow_Leopard. I'm at Waldron tower, got a single!.
Is it a single plus?.
Nope..... Apparently it's haunted by a ghost too.
are you on west campus?.
Nope!. you should post that dudes pic.
I forgot to take the card out of the camera.  My bro is going to send it to me when he goes home.
Dope bro how's the residence.
Ahah. Its pretty good. Seems like alot of bros. The girls are super hot. Like even the worst is good.
Hahahaa nice. Made friends yet?.
No. Just enemies..
Haha.
I spent most of the dag with karim. Day.
I see. U see rach Abd josh.
Ueah and jack. I was with them 4 a bit..
Haha cool. When does orientation start?.
Wed or Thurs.  Haven't signed up yet to..
Ahhhhh cool cool.
U @ queens yet?.
Leaving Sunday morn. How are things at McGill!. ?*. Lolllll moved in Mann.
Hahaha. How is it?.
Hahaha not bad dude. How's mcgill.
Mad pussy. Ahaha. have  u met ur neighbors.
Haha yeh they're pretty cool.
how was the tess goodbye?.
Ahhhhh fuck. I need to tell you about that haha.
Ahaha what.
Hahahah I'll call you later tonight?.
Ahah yeah sure.. 1?.
One your time?.
We are in the same time zone tard.
Hahaha k.
Skype 2nite,.
How about now!. I'm skyping Tess tonight. Yes???. No???. Maybe so?.
Im out right now. Ill see when  I get back.. When are u skyping tess.
11 my time. So after?. Sorry I didn't call you last night, I fell asleep because I pulled an all nighter the night before.
Sure. Np.
kk.
Can u skype now?.
Can't bro, I'm out rn. U can't do tonight?.
Kk. Well ur prob gonna b skyping tess 4 awhile.
I'm starting to skype her at 11 so. I should be done in an hour or so.
Hah. Kk. Hmu when ur done.
Kk bro.
U done?.
Probably another 30 mins.
Ahaha. I have class tmr..
hahah fuck whens the first one.
Haha. Call @1.
hahah ok. kk 1:20.
Aahha. Kk.
dan if you want to go to bed, you can bro. we can skype tmr night too.
Lol. Night.
hahaha night. Yo can I call you now?.
Sure dude.
dan lutes. daannnn.
Yea.
skype?.
Naw. I have to slleeep.
okay. i'll talk to you tmr. something i need to tell you.
U around.
I'm on a bus rn :/.
Ahah. Kk What u need 2 tell me?.
Haha me and Tess are officially going out now. Long distance.
Fuck man!. I told you!.
Hahaa what did you tell me?.
When did it happen?. I said u had 2 make it official!.
Last night lol. I dunno if it's gonna work out.
Ahahm thats the spirt!.
Hahaha I really hope it does. yo. you there?. Yo dan?.
yo what up.
Haha I wanted to skype you but I can't anymore.
Ahha k. U up?.
I was asleep haha.
Dude. That pic u posted of u and tess is ridiculous..
Haha which one.
Insta. Also I got a notification that u and tess were in a relationship on fb..
Haha why is it ridiculous. Answer meeeeeee.
Ahaha. Ur face man.. That smile. But why did I get a notification that you were in a relationship with Tess.
Hahaha. Idk dude apparently a lot of people did.
But like its not on ur profile.
Hahaha it was accidental. Like we were just joking about it. And we didn't want it on fb.
Cute.. Ahahah.
And then I tried it out but it turns out that the other person doesn't have to accept it.
Why dont u?.
And then I was like shit, and then deleted it fast haha. Idk. It's like middle school.
Ahaha. So middle school dude..
Haha yep. Anyway. First day of classes today.
Basically only infants have their relationship status on Facebook..
Haha you got that right.
If I dated someone who put thier relationship status on Facebook I would kill them.. But anyway.. How many classes have you gone to.. /what do u have?.
My schedule is super easy gags. 15 hour weeks. I only have one class at 4 tidy. Today*.
Ahah.  What is it?.
Hahah Econ. Your fucking major.
Ahah. Is it macro or micro or what?.
Hahaha I think both. I had to get the macro and micro textbooks.
Shit. How much have u spent on textbooks?.
Hahaha fucking 780.
Holy shit.. What the fuck. I spent 250 and I wanna die.
Hahahaha how many for 250.
3. Haha. Wbu?. .
Hahhaa are they new?. I have 6.
2 used one new. Man rachel said she is still in love with me..
dude what the fuck. when was that.
2 fucking days ago. Makes me wanna die.
ughhhhh dude. have you been hanging out with her?. if so, then maybe you should stop?. Wanna skype btw?.
Ahhai guess I shouldnt have assumed that she could act like a fucking normal person..
skype or no?.
Ill see if I have wifi on campus one sec.
kk. yooooo send those dude photos mannnn.
Yeam.  I need my lil bro to do it.
Gogogogogo.
Her. her. .
Thanks bro.
vhttp://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/ex-liberal-mla-abel-leblanc-will-run-for-ndp-1.2669385. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/ex-liberal-mla-abel-leblanc-will-run-for-ndp-1.2669385.
hahahahahhahahahaha. fucking abel. for the coming election lol?.
yeah,.
the one thats in 2 weeks?.
yeah, They had the debate last night. abel wasnt there tho..
haha how was the debate?. like leaders debate?.
yeah, it was funny. Dominic Cardy won. Alward looked really uncomfortable the whole time. Basically the whole thing was bull shit..
hahah alward is so bad at public speaking. how did brian gallant do?. yo why cant i see that dudes photo anymore.
What.. Why cant u.
idk. when i click on the link. it just says error.
Kk one sec. . . .
sweeeeetttt. also i'll be in montreal for a bit on sunday.
Ahaha why for a bit?.
on the way back form quebec city.
2 vis Tess..
yeah.
Ahaha.. When u gonna b here and 4 how long.
im not sure yet. i'll find out tmr night. and will let u know. i havent bought my bus tickets for the trip back yet.
Aha. Kk.
Hey bro I have an hour and 15 minutes in montreal this afternoon.
When and where.
Gare d'autocars de Montréal1717, Rue BerriMontréal, QC H2L 4E9514-842-2281. It's linked with berri uqam metro. At 7:45 pm.
Oh its tonight.  Kk ill meet u there. What u want 2 do?. Boustan is close.
Hahah I have to transfer stations. Idk how much time I have.
Oh shit.
So we'll go to the other station first. And then chill around.
Where's the other station.
The other station is at bonaventre.
Take the metro there..
Yeah.
It will be worth it.
I'll text you when I'm like 45 mins away. Buses are unreliable sometimes. In terms of time.
Yeye. Sounds good!.
Sweet. antonio molina goes to princeton.
Fuck I was just trying 2 find out where he goes 2day. Thats crazy.. How do u know?.
ok it doesnt say anywhere on his fb but. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=839724466047265&set=t.585102585&type=1&theater. look at the people in that photo. which was taken sept 6th. everyone elses profile says that they go to princeton.
Hes not in that photo.
yeah he is. on the very right. oh fuck is that not him.
aahah yeah... u fucked up bad.....
hahah fuck. where does he go then.
I have no clue. I am guessing waterloo.
hmm.
DUDE. THought FB relationships were middle school!?!.
we decided to do it.
*whip sound*.
thanks for the support bro!. see ya on the flip side!.
.
hahaha i'll be in mtl this weekend btw. you dude.
When till when ?.
saturday til monday.
Dope. Where u staying?.
not sure haha. i think jacks room is empty hahahah. maybe i'll be an asshole.
Why is his empty?.
hes going on an retreat with his acapella team i think?.
ahahah. use it.
hahahahah i'll try. idk how to bring it up. he'll obviously say yes.
Just ask.. ahaha.
hahah yeah i will.
Are u coming down with that guy with the big head?.
nope haha. rachels coming to kingston on thursday because she doesnt have classes on friday. and we're gonna go to montreal together. and i'll leave on monday.
cute..
yep.
I havent seen her since her melt down.
hahahha havent even seen her around?.
Nope. Its working well!.
hahahah ur master plan is coming to life.
Its the perfect crime!.
hahahha.
man u watching the eelection rn?.
hahah nope i'll go take a look. cbc?.
ahaha, dont bother. Elections NB fucked up.
hahahah fuck. how so.
there is a problem with the electronic vote counters.
hahah now what.
so their numbers are wrong.. they will prob have to manually count them....
hahahahha sooooo bad. thats soo new brunswick. incompetence.
Hahah, I know.
hahhahaha fuck.
Its so bad..
hahahaha thank god we're outta that place. its actually gonna go to the shits.
David Coon is going to win a seat. But all and all its fucked..
hahhaha yeah. i saw that. hes like the eliz may of nb.
ahaha, except his last name is a slur.. he also hate minorities..
hahaha he's a fucking skinhead.
One of his campaign pics is him spray painting a swastika on Yummy Samosas HQ....
hahaha he's the one who spray painted "black one" on their stand.
His samosa business fell apart when his two flavors were Coon's Vomit and  Coon's Shit n' Piss..
haha i would have voted for craig leonard. i cant believe that he beat craig leonard.
Yeah, ur a god damn libertarian tho....
hahaha im a facist.
In all seriousness tho you have horrible political taste.... ahahah.
hahaha i will not change my opinions.
Until alward slits Jennies throat....
hahahahha. alward is going to turn into a serial killer after elections.
Ahahah already is a on a killing spree.....
hahhah first target : abel leblanc.
dude is amy yang @ queens?.
Yeah dude she's at commerce.
do u have any classes w/ her?.
Fortunately not haha. We're not in the same section.
how many sections are there?.
I think there's 8.
Oh wow, are u in liz's?.
Yeah I am hahah. We sit together.
Hot. Then u kisS?.
Ikr. Yep. But not Econ. Because it's a lecture. So it pretty much seats all the commerce students. It's a big fucking lecture. Over 430.
Shit, its Macro/Micro?.
Micro. Pretty interesting haha. Prob my fav subject tbh.
haha, do you do have any math classes?.
Yeah haha but it's easy. Business math man. Easy.
haaha, yeah i hear that it is eassy. My fucking micro prof hasnt showed up to the last two classes....
Hahahha wtf. Is there a sub?.
first one there was a TA second one there was no one..
Hahaha wtf dude. Did you let someone know.
half an hour b4 class she emailed us. But i hadnt looked so I showed up to an empty class..
Haha fuck. What r u guys learning.
Supply Demand curves.. And elasticity and shit liek that.
Ya same dude.
My prof is shit so I kinda dislike the class.
Hahhaha yeah?. Yo we should hang with maw dawg again this weekend.
ahah yeah dude. I havent seen him since I got here..
Hahaha.
are u staying in jacks room. ?.
I'm not sure yet haha. I'll talk to him tmr. Man when this weekend hits, we have already finish 1/3 of the first semester.
Fuck thats so weird. It seems like it has been a week..
Yeah, it does feel weird. Alright dude I'm gonna go to bed. Gnight.
night, text me when u get 2 mtl.
Yeppp.
.
thanks bro.
Yo when u going back to freddy?.
Today haha. On the way back now.
Oh shit. Niceeeee. Hope u didnt forget the astroglide.
Hahaha I'm sick tho.
Ahaha so!. What difference does that make?.
I don't want to get her sick.
Ahhaha. Wowoow. What a good guy.... Who took your pp.
Amanda. Why haha.
Its funny..
Hahaa yeah.
When u heading home?.
Tmr afternoon at 5. U?.
Tmr at 7. How was freddy?.
it was good. its weird being back. are you coming back anytime before xams?.
Haha no. Are u?.
haha idk. we will see. i have no money to. when do ur exams end??.
17th wbu. U have no money hahahahha.
Mine end on the 15th. I have 0 dollars.
Ahaha. Are jenny and dong not giving you money?. Man I forgot to ask., what went down with you and Tess this weekend?.
hahaha it was good. "sheer bliss" as you would say.
Ahaha. Did u bang?.
haha kind of.
Ahaha. The better question is would u still call ur self a virgin..
Haha only God knows I guess.
.
Hahahahahaha. Hot babes. yo ngger. dude. dude.
wut?.
are you popping your fat ass up to kingston anytime?.
yeah. When should i come up?.
any weekend. except remembrance day weekend. the further you book in ahead, the cheaper the tickets are. megabus.
how about 2 weekends frm now?.
halloween weekend?.
oh fuck nvm. wknd after remberence day?.
sure.
i think jack wants to come too.
sweet. tickets are like around mid twenties one way.
sweet.
and the price goes up around 5 bucks each week.
What day should i come up and when should i leave?.
idk up to you really. my classes are done at 2:30 on fridays.
Kk ill look at times.
kk.
Arrive 4 50 friday leave 4 20 sunday?.
sounds good to me.
Alright. I messaged jack. Ill see what he says.
kk sweet.
Jack cant go that weekend. but he can the next weekend. u free then?.
the weekend of the 22nd?.
yeah.
yeah sure.
Alright I booked them!.
Sweet!.
an how well do you remember linear Algebra?.
I remember something's. What do you need.
Can u look at my web work and see if u know how to do any of the questions i havent done. http://msr02.math.mcgill.ca/webwork2/MATH133_FALL2014/4/13/. username and password: 260609221.
haha you fucking finished them.
ahaha, yeah i couldnt wait. Angela Murat who is that.
Youth group person. Why what's up?.
She added me on FB. IS she the half?.
Yeah we is. She*. She's a really quite girl. She's like 14 lol. She's looks like a little kid.
IdK why she added nme. does she want to fight?.
Hahaha I'm pretty sure she does. And I have no idea how she knows.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirty_trick.
how to make friends and influence people.
Some moves for Tess.
thanks for looking out for me bro.
haha, hows shit going with tess and you?.
haha its going pretty good. we're goign to quebec city again. on remembrance day weekend.
HAHAHAH. Man I though u were out of cash?.
haha whats so funny?.
u said u have no cash, are u getting a loan from dong?.
i get 150 bucks a month on my other bank account. so im using that.
ahahah Noice! How often do u guys talk!.
haha we skype every night. we're skyping right now actually.
Hot!. Skype sex>.
thanks bro!. cybering.
NICE. ahhaha. Fuck that disc drive.
the usb port.
Nice! Have u had your first real fight yet?.
haha we rarely fight. its more like general unhappiness because we're apart. thats happenned a couple of times.
yeah. makes sense. must be really shitty. At least you guys are seeing each other alot. (relativity speaking ).
yeah once a month for a few days. its pretty good. its like 3 night in a row sleepovers everytime.
Hahha. Do her parents care?.
haahah no they dont. surprisingly not actually.
Ahha from what u have told me about them they seem really cool..
they're pretty cool. they dont care when she sleeps over at my place. but the only time that ive slept over at her place is when they were out of town.
Yeah makes sense.  It was like that with me and rachel..
yea for some reason it feels weird when i sleep there but not the other way around. same for you im guessing.
Yeah.  It made me feel nervous kinda.. Like someone was going to walk in..
yeah exactly. i know my parents would never walk in so thats why im comfortable at my place. and i have a lock on my door lol. are you free now?. do you wanna skype?.
Yea one sec..
yeah me too. i need to take a piss. give me like 2 minutes.
Kk.
k im good. are you on?. https://www.facebook.com/sean.nesdoly. https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/v/t1.0-9/10446592_1563761867190443_6799983506894300299_n.jpg?oh=75f210a7c1626985f213f644eed40b76&oe=54DE1108&__gda__=1424960792_0197da00ef91bd892f6f62518ccd4a94. https://www.facebook.com/shirley.lin.56679?fref=ts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vss3nofHpZI.
https://www.facebook.com/cameron.prouse?fref=ts. yo are you still meeting me today.
What???. Oh shit. What time are u passing through?.
im there from 4:50-6:15.
Kk text me  when u are close .. Whats the station.
http://www.viarail.ca/en/explore-our-destinations/stations/quebec/montreal/station.
Do u have a transfer?.
Yeah but it's in the same station.
Kk..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmAu8Cv4vvA.
Hahahah ive see it. Ahaha. Is Tess there  yet?.
Hahaha it's fucking hilarious. She'll be here in like 5 mins. yo when do u get in on friday?.
. Mid Friday. Like 4 i think.
Okay. hey man when are you leaving on sunday.
Some time sunday round 6.
Alright cool.
Nvm 8.
u should bring a little bit of school work.
Yeah dude i have  alot of shit to do..
lol yeah its busy.
whens ur first exam.
on the 5th lol. my last class is 28th. i have a wekk. you?.
first one isnt until the 8th.
whens your last one?.
17th wbu?.
15th. im going home on the 28th for a week tho.
y?.
idk nothing to do here. im taking a bus back lol. from mtl. cheap.
Man ur going back  for a week then going back to queens for 2 weeks then going back to freddy?.
yep.
HAHAHAHHA. That is fucking ridiculous...
hahaha why?.
ahaha cuz ull be back by the 15 so going back for a week 2 weeks before u would be going home is crazy!.
haha i dont have anything to do here.
wb studying?.
haha i can study anywhere. idk. its a reading week. longer than thanksgiving. so i thought why not.
ahahahah\.
so yeah haha.
ahaha man seems like u spend more time away frm queens then at it.
Haha yeah man, mainly because of Tess.
Yeah no doubt. Its good that ur making an effort. \. Shit what u getting her 4 cmas?.
I have nooooo idea. I need ideas.
http://upload.ecvv.com/upload/Product/20104/China_strap_on_ons_dildos201046834132.jpg. Heres an idea.
hahahahah. fantastic. when are you arriving again?. 4?.
4 50.
ok. i will be there. wait. u on the bus already?.
Ya.
upper deck?.
Ya dog love that vieww.
big sun ROOF. .
What the fuck is that?.
its my class mugshots. so the person who keeps track off who participates in class. can put a name to a face.
Ahahaha when do  you finish  class 2day?.
http://themanatee.net/2014/11/21/fhs-nudist-colony-protests-dress-code/.
Ahhahaha. That site is pretty good. Its like the onion for NB..
Yeah lol. You on the bus?.
Yeah. Havent moved yet tho..
Things are getting weird on this bus.
Ahahhahaa whats happening?.
We just had a 40 minute break in Levi. Which is like right under Quebec City. And these bros in the back of the bus won't stop randomly shouting. Also this black guy behind me keeps on opening his container of what I think is fried chicken.
Ahhahahahahahahahah..
It smells very strong. And there's like this guy who keeps on coughing. And his cough sounds like a small girls scream.
Ahahaha. How drunk were u when u got on the bus?.
Haha not that drunk. Only a little bit drunk. 1hr away from rivière du loud.
Ahaha. Just wait 4 river de loup. Thats when the real freaks come out....
Loup. Hahaha fuck. I am having a very hard time sleeping on this bus. I can't fall asleep for longer then like 20 minutes. It's soooo uncomfortable. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWLhrHVySgA.
Jesus Christ.
hahaahhahaha. my favorite song.
Is that black the same from the friday song?.
hahahha yeah. the same producer.
That explains why its so damn dope.
its fucking ridiculoush ahaha.
ahaha, have u started exams yet?.
hahah yeah 2 down. 3 to go. hbu?.
same. 2 down. I just want them 2 b doonnne. How was freddy when u went back?.
it was good. hung out with karim a lot. when are you going back agian?.
Ahaha. I get back on the night bus. So the 19th. Wbu?.
hahahah fuck good luck with that. you going back with ur bro?. im going back on the 16th.
Ahaha. Yeah me him jack and josh are all going on the night bus..
hahahha thats not so bad then. get drunk before you guys hop on. its way better.
Ahahaha. Yeah. Its seems like most ppl are drunk already on that bus..
ya you'll fit in just fine. im going back with liz hahaa. and sean.
Sean? Is u coming 2 freddy???.
hajahaha no. we're going to toronto together. and then he's hopping on a plane to calgary.
Oh ahah.
leaving at 6 in the morning.
Ru flying 2 toronto?.
nah im bussing. megabus. man jakobs new song is so good.
yeah so many ppl sharing it haha.
its stuck in my head haha.
Did he do it all himself. or does he have a band?.
he did it all by him self. like electronically.
Its really fucking good..
yeah impressive. he has recording equipment in his room and shit.
Is he living in that condos still?.
yeah he is.
When does he come into freddy?.
this saturday i think.
Shite, he finished early. When do unnb ppl finish.
tess finishes on the 17th i know. fucking cassidy allan is already finished. i fucking hate ryerson so much.
hahahaha. theyll all be unemployed. YongWhan goes there. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=769286299804055&set=a.100863939979631.1201.100001680753441&type=1&theater.
It's fucking awful.
10/10.
They used to be a college. Fall reading week and ending class 2 weeks earlier. Do they even fucking go to school.
aahaha, they are never going to get jobs ahaha.
Hahah their business school came to our deca competition. They wouldn't stop doing school chants. Their fucking 4th tier business school.
ahah 4th tier. Who from FHS goes there?.
.
Aahahha. He is dead.
He's dead???.
Ahaha. No. But he's  really sick i think. They said that leading up to his illness 50% of his diet was just cheese..
When u coming back again?.
I peave 2night.
tmr morning then i see.
You got it champ. Wanna coffee mill with the boysss Saturday  or Sunday. ?.
Sure. What are u up to?.
Nm. Wanted to hang w/ karim.
Let's hang out. Where is Karim.
Idk??.
Have u been messaging hum?. Him.
Ye ln..
I'll pick him up and go to ur place?.
Sure. Come at 8.
Kk. Karim is not responding. I will bet you that Karim is gonna Karim out of skiing somehow.
Ahhah what makes u say that?.
Hahaha I can already feel it.
I think hell go!.
I'll bet u a coke at crabbe.
Deal!. .
U busy?.
Naw..
I'm coming over.
Kk.
Where aren't u coming.
Im in moncton  lol..
Haha still?.
Yeah. Im back on new years eve.. Yo fuck  boy. My mom wants those cake pans.
Lol Kk.
How waz the potfuck.
Good.
Rach said ur not gonna have that new years party..
Ya probably not. I thought there was one at cams house.
One sec. Man i dont think cam is having it..
aw man. why?.
Idk. I think his  house is too messy or some shit.. Joli is text me.
hmm i seeee. well i dont really wannahave one.
I think joli is really bumbed she wasnt invited to potluck..
i havent talked to her in over a year. and she had no intention of talking to me either.
Ahaha. Jeezzz..
hahah yea. if shes bummed, its understandable. but she cant be surprised by it.
Idk man. I think we should hang with her again..
really?.
yeah dude. Whats the worst.
well we're leaving in 5 days.
Ahaha. We can do that thing  we did last year where we made a meal den ate it..
like with karim?.
Yeah. But more ppl. We can do it at my place, if u want..
sure sounds good.
Dope jan 2nd?.
how about 1st?.
I have family at my place on the 1st..
ok cool then.
Dope!.
What are you doing tonight?.
Prob goin to cams. Apparently its happening..
Hmm invite only tho.
Really. Have they sent the invite?.
Yeah I think so. Rachel wasn't invited but Tanya was. And Tanya asked for them.
I take it u weren't.
Nope. I was thinking of having something at my place. I dunno if people would go tho.
How many ppl are goin to cams?.
I dunno. But Rachel and her gang don't really wanna go. Because it's gonna be dirty lol.
Hahaha. Yeah. I think something at ur place would  be good. Better than going to cams.
Yeah I was thinking of like 16-20 people. Keep it classy. At my new place. Games and drinks and dancing.
Yeah. What ppl?.
Hold on Rachel made a list.... RachelRichardCassAbsTanLiamJoshJackDanMaeDanKarimAlvinChris JoshAliciaTessJoliJosh. Thoughts?.
Yeaa. Also My cousin Will..
Yeah of course. Him and josh can reinvigorate their friendship.
Agahhaha yeahh..
Alright I'm gonna talk to a few more people.
Doppppe. I have already  been chatting  c arisz..
Is he up for something at my place?. Yeah help me talk to some people.
Ahah yeah.  Ill talk to joli. Who else..
Chris is up for it? He wouldn't rather go to cams?. Talk to jliu?.
Ahah no. He wasnt invited. So i dont reallly  know who  was invited.. Kk.
I think it's a bunch of stoners + some esa kids and maybe cams sisters crew.
Oh. Thats a fucking  weird group of ppl..
Idk that's what Rachel said. Even if I was invited I probably would tho. Wouldn't go*.
Yeah.  Based on that list of ppl..
It's just gonna be like pass the bong.
Ahahahahah spot on impression..
Thank you sir.
Ahaha what does this shindig begin?.
Idk 8:30-9:30?. Dress to impress style. I'll buy a bottle of champagne. Courtesy of dick du.
Fuck yeah. So half dress up?.
Yeah like a shirt and a cardigan style. Maybe a casual tie.
Whats ur adress. C arisz wants 2 no.
59 Helena cut. Ct*. I'm gonna send it an invite now.
Kk. Dooppe.
No weed plz.
Cok3?.
Yeah only coke plz.
Was dong in moncton  yesterday?.
Yeah did u see him?.
Yeah in the mall food court..
Haha yea that was him. Did u kiss him.
Yeah. We fucked mid food court.. Yo. Is it cool if i stay the night?.
I don't really know where you're gonna stay because we have a guest in the house. Maybe on the basement couch?.
Yeah. Ill sleep on the floor..
Cool. Ur cousin too?.
Yee.
Kk. .
Niceeeeeeee!.
Need a drive?.
R u gonna be in my neighborhood?.
Newp. Is jliu coming?.
He says he is playing far cry apperently. I dont need a drive..
Kk. Josh is playing far cry tonight lol?.
Yeaaa Hhaha.
When u guys coming.
9 or 930. Have 2 eat with  my fam.
Yooooooo. When did people leave this morning ?.
Like 12. Ahha.
Hahaha I fuckingthrew up twice. This morning.
Ahahah that sucks.  U were pree fucked ln. Ahhah.
Haha yea it was fucked.
U still  hung over..
A little bit. But no more nausea. Did will and cass badank?.
Ahahah dont think so. Hahah.
Awww man. I was hoping for some action from my boi will.
Ahahaha. I think she wanted to and he didnt..
Haha that's sad. She is really thirstayyyyyy.
Ahahah.  Man i would totz tap if i could..
Tap cass?. .
Aahahhahahahhahaha. Yeah.. Fuckin mikeeee.
I wonder if he is back in fredericton. What is up with that gang playing cards against humanity?.
Idk. Rob chen  added me u and Karim  to the group..
Lol I saw that. Rob Chen is not that bad anymore.
Ahahah. Yeah i think uni made him normal.. Hey wen u come over tmr can u bring  my cake pans and growler?.
Yep. Growler is empty.
I know bit its worth  $10.
Ahh ok. gonna be in mtl from 22nd to the 25th.
Dope. What 4?.
tess is heading up for a track meet. and to hang out with u guys. because she'll be pretty busy.
Track in mtl?.
yeah @ mcgill.
Oh cool. U bussing?.
yeah i am. im heading up with david. he's visiting a friend in douglas too.
Oh yeah. That greek dude..
yeah. whats he like.
Dont really know him. Seems like a good guy. Think  he is friends with valerie  tho hahah..
hahaha. what if he fucked her too?.
Who david? Hahah.
noooooooo. the greek guy.
Oh fuck. Hahhaha. Dude is skinnier than me so i dont know how that would  go hahahha..
hahahahah. really???. hard to believe. whats his name?.
Hahah idk. I just  call him greek guy.. Not to his face.. Ive never spoken to him..
hahahah. man i have fucking insomnia. cant fucking sleep.
Y???.
idk. its weir. weird. i was up until 3 yesterday.
Haha. Thats not that bad hahahaha.
hahah no not bad. having a sleepover with mel from my floor on thursday.
U gunna fuc er?.
newp.
Ur the gay best friend of queens.
i totally am. i was the gay bestfriend of fredericton too.
Ahah. Funny cuz you are the most homophobic person i know!!!.
yoooooo sup.
Heyy bb.
get ur ass on skype.
yo y?.
nothing lol. im drunk and want to sober up b4 i go 2 bed.
I can talk for like 15 mins.
.
My gf?.
u no it. we're in econ.
Shitty. Macro?.
ya. It's pretty shitty.
Ahaha. Take a pic of tha prof.
. .
Tight  overhead projector!.
just found out that 1/3 of the guys in my classes are jewish.
Hahaha. How did u find that out?.
Hahaha one of them told me. It makes so much sense now.
Ahaha. Have u put anymore thought into if u wanna move back 2 nb?.
I'm gonna talk about it with my parents during my reading week. Mtl soon.
What?.
I said I'm gonna be in Montreal soon.
What day u get here?.
Thursday dude.
Hell yeee. Mega bus?.
Yeaaaa. 6pm. Dinner that night. .
make that ur cover photo. hahaha.
hhahahahha.
sooo good.
hahaha i will after a while. i just changed my cover photo 2 times.
caption: "I am proud of my heritage". caption:"I miss my dad".
hahahaa i posted it in to the wally floor 7 group. becuse im floor rep.
hahaha.
as "Supreme Leader Eternal President Generalissimo Floor Rep Richard Du".
Generalissimo ahahaha.
hahahahah thats one of kim jung ils titles. no joke dude.
ahaha, what are u doing 2day.
hang out at 4:30?.
sure. when u seein tesss.
im with her rn. shes going to the track at around 4:30?. oops no question mark.
oh kk. are u going to see her jump.
thats tmr. tonight shes running. but idk. its at 8pm.
she runs too/. ?.
yea. relay.
shite. Ill race her.
athletic sporty girl. hhahahhaha. i can beat her in a race.
I highly doubt that.
hahahahah i'll race you man. my acceleration is through the roof.
once again. I highly doubt that.
My braking is better tho. broooooooo im in. im in the commerce inner circe. circle.
What?.
i got a exec position.
SHit!. On what?.
deca. its pretty good.
but what u gonna dooo?.
idkkkkkkkk.
MAnnnnn.
fuckkkkkkk.
ahaha, big prob.
mhmmmmm.
does this make u wanna stay?.
idk. we will see how it goes.
yeah ahaha. What role on exec u get?.
marketing.
mannn.
whatttttt haha.
did any of ur com friends get shit>.
yeah man shirley and alice got on deca too. 40 people applied, 15 get in.
What are they?.
shirley is delegates. so she coordinates the 140 delegates that deca gets every year. and alice is sponsership. shes in charge of getting companies to sponsor deca.
Man this places u into a weird spot.
yes man. very weird. go read my hbd on ur wall.
Ahahahha.. So gudd!.
. a productive day.
Best birthday  ever!!!!.
wtf happenned to him.
AHaha. Moved to ottawa.
What is 20 beautiful people.
IDk. just post a dumb pic.
Wtf is that hahaha.
ya fuc.
Is it for a cause?. Like all. Als.
no.
Kk posted.
Have u decline the deca thing yet?.
Nah I'm in it. Had my first meeting today.
ahahah. what u gonna do?.
If I decide to drop out, then I'll tell them I guess lol.
ahahaha.
lol josh is going out with jaclyn.
Ahaha yeah  i know. ahhahah.
hahhahahha fuck. following seshus dick.
Who told u.
its on fb.
Oh hahaha..
fucking midterm week man. its fucked.
hahah, but then its pussy waterfalls for a week!.
u no it dude.
ahaha, Are u ready to talk 2 dong and jenny?.
already did haha.
what they say?.
they said up to me.
So what u gonna du?.
idk dude.
What u mean Idk. Thought it was a done deal?.
i think im going back man.
When do u need to decide by?.
after reading week i think. i'll apply when i get home.
Have u talked 2 shawn?.
nope. after. i will. when i decide.
lol. thats gonna be a shitty talk.
yep haha. im a shitty guy.
ahaha sure are!. Well i mean hell find sum one.
Not that easy bro haha.
Why?.
Idk who would want to.
Rob chen is looking for a place.
Lol he's not living with u?.
I WOULD NEVER LET THAT HAPPEN.
Lol. His life has really fallen apart. Hasn't it.
ahahah. was it ever together?.
Haha u hear what happened to his gf.
yeah. Pre funny.
Haha yea. yo whens ur exams done?.
April 24. Yo y did u take down ur cover photo?.
My dad made me lol.
ahahahahaha. why?.
He thinks I will be head hunted by dprk special forces. Or Canada/us will think I'm a dprk spy.
ur a lil bitch.
Yep.
are u back in kingston.
I'm on the bus rn. Gonna be back at 1am. Fuck me. U going home for March break?.
yeah dawg. i heard ur coming to mtl 4 a bit next week.
Idk anymore haha. Tess is going to Quebec City. And I'm gonna meet her. So I might stop by. A shit ton of people are going to Mtl.
ahaha its just like Dhe..
And Kendall abbey. Right?.
yeah, last i heard.
Yea.
Riayan is going.
And raiyan hahhaah. Hahahaha.
Love hur. Idk why dhe would let that happen. he must hate her 3. 2.
She is the leader of the newly formed eng gang.
They call them self that cuz they gangbang every friday night.... did u see her when u were back:?.
Yeah I did. Raiyan and Amir. Bang all night.
ahaha, how was it being back?.
It was good. But no one else was on break lol. I applied to unb. And summer jobs.
ahahah, yeah. Where did u apply for summer jobs.
Service nb so far. And I'm gonna apply to future shop lol.
ahaha. Though u wanted to be a waiter.
Idk where to apply tho. Who would hire me lol.
azns. Apply to jubilee.
I don't want to wait at an Asian restaurant. Hahahaha nooooooooo. Jubilee sucks man. I would just wash dishes or some shit.
AHaha, What did u apply for at service nb?.
Idk it's a summer student job. We know the hirer. So I applied.
Would u work at UNB?.
That's always a last resort. But i wanna do something different.
yeah, you would be good at future shop.
Yeah I would find that to be fun. So we will see. When are u going home?. Friday?.
Saturday..
With jliu?.
Rich fuck is flying..
Hahaha.
Im surprised that jack is going back.
Really?. I thought he was staying in mtl.
I meant to say isnt. But he told me his parents make him pay for his trip.
Oh. Really hahah. Why haha.
idk.
I would think that they would want to see him. And therefore pay for his trip.
hahaha, yeah. jack has always seemed kinda distant from his family.
Hahah really?. I don't think so. They always go for walks and stuff. And take photos.
Its just how he says shit like, i cant wait to get my own place and never go back to fredericton.
Hahaha fuck. Fredericton is nice idk why people hate it so much.
Parts are good..
Yee.
i think it has to do more with ppl wanting to leave the place they were born.
What u planning on doing this summer. Yea I think so. Want something new. I wasn't born in fredericton tho.
Im mean freddy is like an objectively nice place.
Yea, it's a nice place to live. People say like "i can't wait to leave this shit hole". The people who are running the place are shitty tho. But the place is nice.
Yeah. It like ppl like amanda hachey and all those dirt bags. They will never be able to leave cuz no other place wants  them..
Yea that's true. What are they gonna do u know. Live on welfare. The leeches of society. No benefits to the economy or society.
Ahahha. There are also alot of those hipster fucks who say they hate fredericton, but are scared to move away..
Hahaha Kyle ancheta. Not really a hipster tho.
Lol. Same shit. His vlog makes me suicidal. ...
Hahaha. Does he still make videos I wonder. He is suicidal himself. I am still like 93% sure he is gay.
Ahaha. Heard he tested positive  for it...
He probably had a disease. He looks like a big. Man I just used the sand sanitizer on this bus washroom. It smells like fucking soy sauce.
Homosexuality is a disease.
Soooo strong of soysauce. It was up until the late 80s.
Ahah. Probs just was soy sauce.
Fuck it's so gross. I can smell it so strong.
what was the bathroom like on the bus?.
Pretty nice actually. Pretty clean. No one uses it.
Are u on mega bus?.
Yea. One more hour. I have a 8:30 tmr lol.
what class.
Stats.
how is ur motivation now that u arent going back next sem?.
Pretty weak lol. No need to do well. It's like second semester of high school all over again.
aahah. Is jack going up next week?.
I don't think so.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153105416068684&set=a.434688728683.209450.513213683&type=1&theater.
Hahaha Jesus Christ.
his prof pic.
Yeah I see haha. That's a little weird haha. Don't you think?.
lol ye.
Haha what should I do about it?.
what can u do ? ahahah.
Hahaha. Kill his family?.
sounds like a plan! has tess mentioned it?.
Haha nope. Should I ask her about it haha?.
up 2 u lol. i wouldnt cuz it doest really matter..
Haha yeah I don't really care. The only thing I care about is the shittiness of this guy. Like it wouldn't matter if he was actually a good guy u know?.
his hair is long.
Yea what a asshaha. How's Freddy?.
knee deep in pussy rn. me jmac and karim are going to the bars tonight..
Nice dude. That sounds like a fucking great time. Looks like the Eng crew had a good time in mtl haha. The fucking Eng crew.
what makes u say that?.
Got some snapchats. There's a whole crew up there man.
ye i know. Even riyan is there.
Hahaha she is?. I didn't see a pic of her.
she is there according to karim. Are they all hanging around douglas?.
yeah i saw snapchats of them in rachels room. Yo dude guess what raiyan did in mtl?.
What???.
Dhe called her "the devil" haha. Apparently she just went insane. Very passive aggressive. Locked them all out of a hotel room one night. 6 of them had to stay in a room.
Ahahahha. what the fuck!!!!.
Hahahahah. So shitty haha. U still hate her?.
Now i love her. Too hot.
Too hot and hip. I'm so fucking bored on this bus man. And I'm pretty sure the guy beside me is a right winged extremist.
Why do u say that?.
Lol i just get a feeling man. I wish I had a car. Spent way too much on bus tickets this year.
Ahah. How much  longer till  ur there?.
1 hour.
Not baddd. Best Western?.
Yeah man haba. So cheap. When are you going out with the boys.
Im not going. I was gonna go tonight  but i have too much work.
Work??.
Homework..
Like homework?. Haha fuck. So studious. Getting my professional headshot done for DECA exec next Wednesday lol.
HAHA.why?? Arent u leaving?.
hahahah gonna get a free high quality photo out of it.
Worth  it. So u havent dropped  out yet?.
haha nope. and i get a deca sweater with my name on it. #worthit. this way i can put it on my resume too. #breakingthesystem. Yo we should do pub trivia at the cellar this summer with Alvin and Karim. Tess did it last year.
Yeaa.
Chyeaaaaa dude. I accidentally just challenged you in trivia in Portuguese on tesss phone.
Ill beat ur ass. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOZO0WWULLA. Find a good vid man. good for u.
hahaha i'll watch it later. Wow Ur photo comment was a big hit.
I knew it would be. I hope ben FUCKING harper  sees it..
Hahah he probably won't.
Well im pissed. Hows shit going at queens.
Pretty good. Actually I'm sick right now. But other than that it's good.
What illness do you have?.
Ebola + schizophrenia. Other than these 2 illnesses, thing sure great!.
Deadly combo. Get well soon. Have u talked 2 sean yet?.
Yea man. Thing are working out. We found someone.
How did he take it.
He was chill. It was like nothing happened lol. hey fuck boy. i'll be in mtl tmr.
shit. y?.
Going home.
what for?.
Getting my car to drive back to Kingston.
Cool. When do u finish writing  exams at queens?.
22nd. U?.
24. When do you get into mtl.
6:20 tonight. When are u buying Ur osheaga ticket.
Idk. When do they go on sale?.
Today.
Oh sgit.
Full lineup out today tio. Too.
Hows it look.
Mel. Meh. Not bad. Kendrick. That's it really. Black keys. Altj.
Yea. Tbh i was expecting more.
Not a huge fan of black keys. Yeah me too. Especially for there 10th an.
Me neither.
Black keys music makes me nauseated.
I may only get a day pass. Lol.
Get last day this time. I want Drake.
.
no man can pull off a white suit like that. v nice.
dude joined a frat.
i know haha. an all asian frat by the looks of it.
ahaha. Man y doesnt unb have frats?.
im starting one. when i go back next year.
Alpha Alpha Alpha. Its a white supremacy frat..
im the president.
U get accepted yet?.
i called them today. guess what?. they lost my queens transcript. but they accepted me pretty much on the phone.
ahahah. classic.. have u started looking for a place in freddy yet?.
nope not yet. ill look in the summer. i might make a short stop in mtl.
When?.
in the next few days. im going home for a job interview.
What job?.
snb. office job.
NOICE.
yep.
they cut a bunch of SNB jobs today in NB. new budget.
hahaha really?. i c. they are hiring students apprently lol.
but like in rural areas. I mean they cut in rural.
what does snb have in rural areas?. like snb minto division?.
Like McAdam and Fundy and french places.
i see i see.
ahaha is jliu working for dong?.
im not sure. my dad hasnt confirmed yet. if i dont get snb job. then im working for dong. if i do, then josh might be. weiqiu has no research grant money haha.
ahahahaha classic. Heard she was demoted to janitor....
haha she keeps on getting demoted. yo your exams are done on the 24th?.
Yeee.
im driving back on the 24th if u want a lift. when is ur exam done?.
Prob not. Gonna stay longer and set up my appartment  i thibk.
kkk. when u going back 2 fred?.
May 1 prob around that time..
v nice. i have some friends from queens coming back to queens with me.
Who?. Did i meet them..
ye. connor and michael.
Dirt stache and asian.
thats it. u got it. do u know when the other homies fr mcgill r going home?.
Um josh is the same day i think. Idk about smelchel and jack.
kk. u buy osheaga ticks?.
Imma buy just a day i think. Not that dope  of a play list..
i see. buy the kendrick day.
Yeah thats what im gonna do?.
yep.
Dont know why i asked  that as a question.
I just thought u were being a sassy fuck.
Oh. Yeah im a bad bitch.. http://unis-asms-students.wikispaces.com/Richard+D.
Hahahaha fuck. 3 people messaged this to me.
Ahaha who?.
Rachel and Abbey haha.
Yo. How did the interview  go?.
I didn't go back to fred.
Y not?.
Didn't want to.
Ahaham so are u not getting the job?.
hahah nope. josh lee probably is tho. i think he interviewed. but he is as dumb as a brick.
Ahahhaha.
haha he is so fucking dumb man. joli is friends with kate avery again.
How do you know???.
When I went back I saw them hanging out all the time. And I saw something on fb lately.
Hahaha. Idk why she likes herm. Her.
Haha. She has no friends.
Joli?.
Yea.
Ahah. Whats about vladi and stas!.
She has the dumb brick that's it. Hahahahah great guys all around. So fucking dumb hahaha.
Yea. But he has a great personality.
Lol. How many exams u have?.
5 wbu?.
6.
Fuckkk.
Yeaaaaa it's fucked man.
When you done?.
22nd.
Ouuu. Noice.
I am a vegetarian now btw.
Ahaha. 4 real?. Ill believe  when i see it.
hahahah 3 weeks bro. except for one night got really drunk. apparently ate a beef donair.
Agahaha. So ur back to drinking ahah.
ahaha yea. stopped for a month.
Hahah. How shit with u and tessm.
Good man. It's all good. I need a job. Do u have a job for the summer.
Ahah not yet. Y dont u work for dong?.
Yeah I probably will have to do that. Idk. There is less motivation u know.
Ahah yea. But money is money..
yo you there. You missed a video chat with Richard..
You called Richard.Duration: 1 minute.
skype.
Richard missed a video chat with you..
yo check this out man!. https://scontent-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpt1/v/t35.0-12/11132486_10153747367278275_2078005945_o.jpg?oh=05dd38e7915e3f7da00e035b2024eb4d&oe=55311A55.
Fuck. Dude. What the fuck.
dude ur gonna go to hell now. for looking at such a sinful photo.
666.
richard:1 dan: 0.
Ahahah. How many more exams u got.
3 man. fuck. 3 down. 3 to go. did u start today?.
Yeah i have one in an hour.
what is it.
Microeconomics into  to microCOCKS.
nice dude. i had my econ exams a couple of days ago.
How they go?.
i think pretty good. ours is 80 mcs.
Was it macro?.
Yea it was macri. Macro. That aggregate shit. yea it was macro. that aggregate expnditure shit. yo im the biggest fan of the edmondton oilers now. go hockey.
NICE.
hahaha thanks bro. go mcdavid!.
its the beautiful game.
we're gonna win the cup.
saw monica liked ur comment bro. U must be on cloud 9!.
im taking it as a signal to add her on fb lollll.
did u ?.
Haha no. I don't want her. Too much formality in her speech.
ahaha. how many zams u got left.
5 down 1 to go. Hbu man?.
two more. When do u write..
On Wednesday. Your guys exams are pretty late man. Your coming back on the 2ndright?.
naw. going back on the 28ths.
Cool dude no one else will be home at that time I think. We can tear shit up.
what u mean?.
In our lofted trucks.
lol. Chris will be back. sink boy baby butt too. u find a job yet?.
Who is sunk boy baby but?. Nope but I have an interview with best buy.
Krim is SBBB. Aaha when?.
Hahaha fuck. Sometime when I get back Haha. We have yet to arrange a time.
Do u wanna work in the computer section?.
I'd work anywhere Haha.
I hope u get a job in the stereo  section..
Car stereo section.
Yea. U'll be helping wickens  trick out his cavi.
Wow maybe I can get a deal to douche out my Tucson.
Ahaha. Dis u hear that j liu abandoned  rating bay..
Haha what do u mean?.
Hes working for a different  prof..
Which prof?.
Idk. Some chem prof. Josh told me that lemming  set it up..
Nice nice. I think Glen gong worked for that prof as a Waterloo coop student.
The chem prof?.
Yea.
Isnt he compsci.
There's only one Chinese chem prof that I know of. Idk what Glen gong is.
I mean glen.
I think he just wanted to come home for a semester.
Oh. Probs wanted to get into the studio with his parents and lay down a couple of tracks..
Hahahaha.
. Rock n roll.
The celebrity status is probably what he missed most about Fredericton.
Hahahaha.. Man is woojong and doodey still d8ing.
Yea dude y. They are a disgusting couple hahaha.
Wanted to make my move on doodey this summer.. Fuck is karim working at elp this summer?.
I'm not sure. I hope not haha. That job sucks.
Hahahaha. Pretty sure they practice  illegal  employment and break labour laws..
Haha in a few years they are going to get shut down. Too many scandals.
. Fucking Asians....
Holy fuck hahaha. Is she pregnant????.
Yeeee.
Jesus christ. Are u coming home on 28th or 1st?.
3rd.
U keep on fucking changing lol.
Ahah ye. It's cuz i need to move into my new place. Hows freddy?.
It's good. Weather is shitty.
Same here.
My friends last day here. Dunno what to do. Ran out of things to do in Fredericton.
Drown them in the saint john river.
Tie stones on their legs and throw them off the walking bridge?.
They love it. Who came back with u?.
connor and michael.
Do they both live in bc.
bc and toronto.
Ahaha. Man robert is having a party when we gwt back apparently.
hahahah his parents away or something?.
Idk. He just kept bringing it up the other day.
hhahahahah. its not going to happen.
Hope not. . HAHAHAHHAHAGAGAHHAHHA.
hahah jesus christ.
chill tmr?.
What u doing tonight?.
just got back. from mtl. so Im prob gonna sleep soon.
Kk. U asleep?.
naw.
U going to bed anytime soon?. Or can I come over.
ye sure.where u at?.
Home I'll be there in 15.
kkkk.
Let me in.
kk.
i'll be at your place at like 11:30-11:45.
Kk.
Nvm lunch isn't until 1.
Kk.
Make that 12:30.
when u pick me up?.
In 15 mins.
Kk.
Another 10 haha.
Kk. Me and jmac r coming to Isaacs.
Kk 6. U with jlius?.
Ye. Who else.
Rach. Abbey.
Jack?.
Nope.
Yyy.
$$.
Lil bich. Are those 2 coming bars 2nite.
Dunno but I think jack is.
Sweet.. Were going to dooleys now.
Kk. Yo call mr. You guys at your place?.
Ye. But im not gonna play ball 2nite.
Awwwwww dude why not.
U still going to moncton tmr?. Yo fuckeerrr.
Sup.
Moncton tmr?.
Not sure uet. Will message u tmr.
Kk. U studying 4 ur bio midterm?.
Lol yep. It fucking sucks.
Haha. Is it gonna be ez?.
Probably not lol.
Haha. Kk ill let u study.. good luck tmr.
Lol thx. I'll MSG u by noon.
Kk.
Yo what are you up to?.
Watching  a movie w/ smelchel.
Ahhh fack. Kk nvm then. Don't have set. Sex.
2 l8.
Srsly?.
Naww lol.
U guys are  s Haha.
2 big ol gays. .
did u call me?.
Ye. Forgot my bag in ur car the other day.
ya its in there. u need it?.
Ill get it tmr.
kk. im fucking drunk rn.
y?.
at tess house. everyone is drinking.
like tess' parents?.
yea and the guests.
lol. what u drink?.
beer. fancy beer.
lol. where u at?.
Sj.
lol y?.
Car. Sup.
was gonna get my shit from ur car. when uu home?.
im home now dawg. Call me or answer Ur phone.
its dead. wut up.
lunch today?. few people coming.
ye who?.
karim rach tess. cant get a hold of abbey yet.
dope. where?.
palate?.
suree.
kkk 12:15.
do u have my bag?.
yeah its in my trunk.
kk. ill get it when i get there.
fuck palate is full. where should we go.
isaac?. parks?.
not parks. seating arrangement is too weird.
ye lol.
we can go to isaacs.
wut bout one of those new places.
where?.
540.
not good.
idk.
i went. isaacs. i like isaacs.
ur yhe b boy. kk lets go there.
kkk. im coming over to ur place now.
come in 15.
kkk.
JACK DROPPED THE BALL.
Haha fuck. Give him shit for it. I did.
Jack is too inclusive. He is going to make a horrible bully when he grows up..
Fuck. God damn it jack why did he have to repeat it haha. Now Kendall and Abbey will probably come.
lol. u think?.
Lol probably. Or even worse. Tanya and cassidy.
AHAHHA. Oh God. Hope all 4 go. They will all b on a team.
Ruin my fucking birthday hahah.
They will get 1 point all game.
Hahahaha. Lol Tess told me "I saw that jack invited everyone...".
Ahahha. Cat is out of the bag. Tween Queens board of directors are threatening suspension for Jack A Bee.
Fuckkkkk. Fucking jack ahhhhhhhh.
Wut.
. her new name is big shit aesthetic.
Hahhahahahah. Karim is down to play diplomacy.
Hmm I might come for a but. Bit. I want to. But I haven't had a night with Tess In a whilee. Were always hanging out with everyone.
Fair enough man. U got the place 2 ur self 2nite.
Yeah exactly. What time are u having people over tho?.
No harm no foul.. Idk.. Im picking up krim. In a bit.
Loam just offered his place man. Liam.
Oh when?.
Anytimeb.
No i mean did u message him?.
Yea. Do u wanna go to his place?.
Idk. Doesnt matter 2 me.
coming to ball?.
Naw. Cant. Busy.
ok. karim just invited me to hang out tonight, you guys were gonna do something right?.
Ye. Ucomin.
probably yea. u should ocme to ball, we need one more.
Cant. Still haven't ate.
ask chris arisz if he wants to come ball.
Ahhahaah. He is working.
haha kkk.
Wait for me in the parking lot so we can go in together.
Kk. Where are you.
Yo u coming to trivia fucker.
Yes.
Kk.dope. But how r ppl gonna pre at ur place.
One sec. There.
Noice.
what u doing for supp.
Eating with the fam. Y.
was wondering if you wanted to do something because i dont want to cook.
U wanna come 2 my place. My mom is making tuna.
sure, whens dinner?.
Come at 630.
kk.
Nice insta post ya piece of shit!.
Thanks bro u like?.
So fucking hot!.
Tyty. How's Moncton.
Haha. Decent. My aunt is chilling w/ friends, playing cards and listening to country music. So its pre dope.
V nice. Ur aunt have any kids Ur age?.
Her youngest kid is 49 years old..
Lollllll he still lives at home I'm assuming?.
Hahah god no.
Not everyone can be as fortunate as Timothy li haha.
Shahah. Timothy Li is a parasite..
Hahahahaha.
Those ol bitches dont wanna ball.
Lol in not sure if they're spiteful or not. Or just fat. What do u think.
Ahahah. Ask smelchel. She will tell u.
Lol kk. What do u think tho.
Prob a bit of both. Although we havent even played one time since the true ballers were discovered..
What time u gonna be back?.
8. Can I get a drive w/ u 2 lius?.
U drinking?. talk at ball.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=674200819380039&set=pcb.674201089380012&type=1&theater.
league?.
in a game. after this game.
kk. yo in game with rob?.
Naw.
how much longer ?. how many mins in game?.
5. Lol.
ahahahaha fuck. im gonna start a game then.
Kk ye. U done?.
almost. 15 mins.
Kk.
k done. goon skype.
Kko.
you playing more?. u fucking addicted haha.
Ahag.i wanna play an ez game b4 bed. So tuff 2 play with them.
haahah yea its intense.
https://gifyoutube.com/gif/yaQ58Y. https://gifyoutube.com/gif/yaQ58Y. http://share.gifyoutube.com/yaQ58Y.gif.
You on rn?.
Ill be on in like 10.
lol i cant play tonight. im at tess'. i was just wondering. did u play w jmac?.
Ye. Hes lvl 30.. Pretty good..
what does he play?. mid?. top?. adc?. support?. jungle?.
Mid or top. He is that german bear.. Ball 2nite.
Going to antigonish Nova Scotia for the  highland games lol. I wish I could tjo.
What a queerrr. Heard u got second last nite.
got first. but didn't correctly estimate. therefore, got second.
Shit. Who beat u.
the team that wins every time.
Shit.. how much $$ u get?.
30$ cap gift card. chris won us a pitcher.
Niceeee!.
12$ value.
Ye i hearsd. That a pretty fucking good night.
yeah it was good. then i dropped 80$ at the ale house. got plastered.
Ahahah. So much for a week of no drinking.
lol yeah fuck. ok a week starts now. starts today.
Ur gonna drink at the Highland games. That all scotish ppl do.
tru. there is a beer tent.
Ahahah. Man what did u spend 80 on last night?.
No fucking clue. No pre drinks by myself. Alllll ouy. Out. Expensive to get drunk at bar.
Ahaha. Ye dude. Ur money management skills are disastrous....
Hey man when u make a lot you spend a lot am I righhttttt.
Abaha except u dont make alot. You fucking pleb.
I'm working 3 part time jobs bro. To fucking support the family.
U have 1 fucking job.. Kitchen bitch.
Kitchen bitch + unb assistant + working one shift at jubilee a week. 3 PART TIME JOBS. Don't be fucking chirping u know what is like to have 4 hungry stomachs at the table expecting bread and milk to be brought to them?. Hit me with a comeback bro.
. U bring home food for ur  family  and set it down at the table, and make them sit there while u eat all of it.
Hahahahahah.
Thats y jenny is so skinny. How long u in nova 4.
Til Sunday man. . Evan Casey Instagram.
Yum.
. Wanna play for team China in the multicultural ball tourney on Saturday?.
Who else is on the team?.
Jack. Jon tang. Jackie Wu. Tim Li.
Jesus.
Jw park lol. Cmon bro we need more ppl.
If jw will be there so will i.
Hhha sweet its 9-3.
Kk.
It'll be fun.
Where?.
Field house. I can pick u up if u want. Also do u have a scanner near u?.
Naw. Y?.
Hmm ok I'll forge your waiver then.
Ahajha kk.
No backing out now we are barely scraping 5 players lol. Don't worry the Iranians ad Indians are awful.
Ahahaha. Man im not krim. I dont back down.
Kkkkkk.
How long are game?.
20 or 30 mins.
Ahahah. How many teams?.
5 or 6 I think haha. The Afrikaans are gonna be an issue.
We have more heart. So its a tournament?.
We have more culture. Yea it's a tournament. when u back tonight?.
Ye babby.
whenn.
Idk y.
ball.
Ye def. I need practice pre tournament.
nice nice. when u home.
Prob like 8. Man i played blitz last night. So fucking fun.
Hahhaahahha. The pull is so good. Pull and then knock them up. So fucking annoying.
Ye hahah. Man we need to have a guys league night soon.
I agree. I have the perfect room at my house too.
What u doing sat night?. Slut respond. SLUT.
Ughhhhhh. Not sure. League?.
Yes plz jmac want to. So does jliu. I knoe. Also roach.
Nice nice. Is anyone in ur house rn.
David y?.
Ask him if I left my wallet there.
You did. Remember when Tess said "richard im leaving your wallet here".
Oh shit yea. She didn't say phone?.
Nope.
kkk nic e. can you bring it when u come tor triv.
Sure thing. When is it?.
you guys leave now. Yo can u do me a favor.
Depends. What u want.
I won't get off work in time and can you run to the liq store and grab jeongwoo a quart of Smirnoff. I will pay u back. I'll buy u a drink tonight as well. U also owe me 10 bucks. So you don't have to pay that back anymore.
My id and debit card are both in ur house. If someone can let me into ur house ill do it tho.
K just go to my house. My mom should be home.
Make sure. I dont wanna get there and her not b home.
Just go. She's definitely home.
What does he want?.
A quart of Smirnoff. My mom is home confirmed.
Kk.
Wanna meet me at buffet express at 9?.
So farrr. Yoooo.
Sup. I'm coming. Did u get it.
Ye. Where should i go.
I'm coming over.
Kk im down town rn b there in 5. How u get ur mom to crack?.
Long story lol. Tell you in Mtl.
hahah kk.
U back?.
Yup just now.
Come out. With Jakob.
Where ru?. Im really tire.
Dt. Nah no problem. I'm coming.
Ye i cant chill. Tmr man.
Awwww fuck.
Ahahha.
Gayyyyu.
Bring him 2 triva.
Yo you up?. wanna hang out with karim this pm. we're not going treego anymore.
After triv?. Whats the name of that beer.
Le castor. League this pm?.
play at 9?.
kk. chris coming?.
Ye. Yo i found ur head phones.
Lol where.
In my apartment.
I knew they were still at ur place!. Remember when I left them there. That one day I biked over.
Ye. But how did they get to mtl.
Lol no idea. Whatever. Just don't lose them and I'll get em when I go up.
Kk. One of the ear buds looks kinda fucked.
Yea it's been like that for a while. You can use them if u want. They sound really good. But don't break them, $100.
Kk. I only use beats by dre.
lol fair. and reasonable.
. Hahahhahahaha.
Hahaha yea. We made chilli.
Hows frosh?.
Fucking amazing haha.
LoL really?.
https://kpf.ca/index.php?command=viewArticle&prevCommand=showall&ID=969&currentFeed=1&t=Large-Party-Crowd-in-University-District-Causes-Street-Closure-for-Safety-Reasons-. It's been wild haha.
Hahahah. Jesus.
Hahah yeah I'm having a good time. How's McGill frosh?.
Ahaha. Ppl who arent frosh dont really do anything. Other than ro chen.
Ahahah. Rochen seems to be having a blast.
Ahahah. He has a hard on for EDM so ye.
first day at UNB. fml.
Lolol.
So many ppl have asked me why I'm back.
Lol. What do u say?.
Lol I just explain. Fucking efedayo just came up to me and asked lol.
Ahahah efe. How are ur classes.
only had 1 today. today is first day. u?.
They are seem good. Some of the profs are fucking nuts thi.
lol. get a hold of this. ayesha raza is on the unb viewbook for the incoming 2016-17 students.
Tho*.
Lol guess who my chem lab partner is?.
Who???.
Joli.
Hahahhahahah. Shitt. Dude. Ur gonna carry.
Haha it's fine. Assignments are independent. Only the procedure is partnered.
Better than having IFE. Hows unb going other than that?.
Super fucking easy lol. So much free time. But it's kinda quiet here so I'm pretty bored.
What u mean quiet?.
Nothing to do.
Yea. Who u been chilling w/?.
Tess Karim the Chans. Dhe. That's it really. Tess' parents. Hows McGill?.
Tess's parents lol. Its good. Some of my classes seem rough. But its fun.
Good stuff good stuff. Are you coming back for thanks giving.
Naw. Im going down to New Hampshire. U coming up this semester?.
I want to yea. Are Fred ppl staying in mtl.
Jack and smelchel may, josh says he doesnt know.
I think they will prob.
Yea. Idk if jack will cuz his parents make him pay for the trip. Oh dude im playing intermural hockey against one of ur shad friends dan tonthat.
haha yeah dan. how do you know about him?.
U mentioned him once and i remembered his name. Then i looked it up on fb and u were mutual friends.
nice nice. did you hit him.
I havent played him yet, i was just looking at the other teams roster. I plan to make him quadripalegic tho.
Are jack and Monica and Michael having threesomes?.
Ye dude. They stream it @ monicadominatestwoyoungcocks.ca.
They seem like they love each other.
Ahaham yea. Idk seems kinda weird tbh. I have seen jack like twice this year lol.
Lol. Very exclusiveee.
Lol yea, he basically lives in Laval.  Hows shit in freddy?.
its good. enough said really haha. https://www.facebook.com/unbeus/photos/a.921525054587240.1073741829.198343203572099/921526004587145/?type=3&theater.
Ahahhaahha. Who took the photo.
dan he hahaha.
What is his camera.
t1i.
shit.
with cheap 50mm.
looks nice tho.
yeah 50 mm is nice. in that album. there are like 10 pics of dan he. he is on the exec for eus.
that depth man!.
and he was the photographer for that event. year 1.8 aperture lol.
I heard he beat out laura shaw for the spit. spot*.
yeah haha. she wasnt happy apprently. he is on a lot of execs. hes the vp for the electrical society. and on the exec for eus. unb so many oppurtunities lol. i got a job at the math leaning center as a tutor.
hes a try hard cock now. hahaha. how does it pay.
hahahah he really is. hes gotten a lot of confidence. big ego now. 16/hr. pretty good.
Thats pretty tight. How many hours? Also big ego DHe sounds weird.
I get 6 hours a week. And I'm a TA lol. Another 6 hrs a week.
What class are u a ta in?.
stats lol.
Have u ever taken stats?.
hahahah yeah at queens.
Oh lol. How is it so far?.
hahaha no idea. havent started it yet. i just have to mark stuff i think. and help tutor when needed. hows mcgill ?. and hows ur house working out.
The house is going well, its messy but other than that its good. Holden has a GF at queens.
Lol what's her name and what program.
https://www.facebook.com/eva.stefanova.58. pre med i think.
yo dude.
Love it. Whats up.
.
New friend.
Chem lab.
When do ur class start 2day.
130 lol.
Niceeeeeeee.
yep. heard josh is into league now?.
Ya he is lvl 24.
hahahahah fuck. lets play sometime. you guys are def way better then me.
Hahah. I think ur better than what ur lvl is.. But ye we should play.. Me and josh played wit cam blaire and jmac the other day..
nice nice. Is cam good?.
Silver 5 so ye, pretty good..
nice nice. what does josh play.
Hes bronze 3. But he plays like a god damn maniac.. Yo what do u think of this girl.. .
pretty good. who is she. u banging her?.
She is my bro's roommates sister. The other night i was at a party, and my brothers roomate came up to me and was like, my sister wants to bang u.. So i was like cool, but i didnt end up going for it. But i think im going. The only this is she seems kinda dumb..
whatever. how dumb. are we talking. joli dumb.
First of all i am amazed she got into university..
jesus. is she first year.
Ye.
that is extreme. is she in arts.
Ye. Maybe ill bang. Def not going to date..
yea man. just bang. does she have fb?.
Ye..
dude valerie wood got into uni.
Jesus now that i think about i have only banged dumb ppl.
rachels a smart girl.
.... She seems confused most of the time..
hmm. yeah man i dont see why not. just dont date.
Have u heard any thing about joli and josh lee long distance.
broke up apprently. she hasnt told me. but its what ive heard.
Jesus. That didnt take long. U havent brought it up?.
Hahaha no. I didn't want to bring it up. She is personal about shit.
Ye. Who did u hear it frm that they broke up.
A few sources. But look at his profile. Apparently pictures of her are gone.
Ye. I noticed that..
Yea. She doesn't have any friends. Except Kate Avery.
Do u hanging with her?.
Not really. Only school work.
How is she acting.. Still know it alling.
Yea she is. It's frustrating lol. She is always stubborn about her wrong answers. And refuses to accept the correct answer. And she still thinks I'm dumb haha.
Ahahahahah.. Thats ridiculous.
She seems to trust Amar bhardwajs intellect more than mine.
He is indian after all.
True. Unb is so easy I don't understand how anyone will fail.
Dude she just doesnt want to admit that ur smarter than her.. Has she fail anything?.
Don't think so. Wouldn't be surprised tho.
Do h know her mark?.
Nope. This first year Chem course that were taking is ridiculous. The difficulty of grade 10 science.
Hahaahahahahahahah.
Maybe even easier.
Shit dude. Are there any ppl from fhs in our class?.
Online assignments are optional, they are extra 10% of your mark if u do them. Remarks on midterms. Yeah haha.
Ahahahahaha. Jesus..
First years.
U think u can get 4.3 gpa.
That's what I'm going for. Shouldn't be hard.
Are any of ur marh classes hard?.
Unb is easier than gr 12. Discrete math is challenging. Calc is easy.
Calc 3?.
Yea.
Any plans to move out?.
Need a roommate. Would like to move out.
Ahah. Would u move into jmacs house if tom smart moved out?.
Not sure lol. Is tom moving out?.
Naw. Just curious. If kendall breaks up with ryan u have ur chance.
Hahaha I dunno if I would live with them. Lol apparently their relationship is doing fine. I should try breaking them up maybe.
Ye dude. Just send kendall a dick pic. She is bound to come crawling to u..
Ryan is a beast. Beauty and the beast.
Ahahahaha. How was jmacs house when u were ther?.
It was a good place. Very worth the amount that they are paying. Kinda small but clean.
Liam def cleans it..
Yea?. I feel like Tom and Cameron are messy.
Ye. I the house cam lived in last year was really dirty..
Cam is going to unb now.
Ye he told me this summer thay he was gonna take some classes..
Good 4 him.
Ye. Hes a smart guy..
why u hatin on the math society.
Pure jealousy.
as i suspected.
Hows shit in freddy?.
its rolling along. what day will you be back for xmas?.
23. So god damn l8.
fuck why so late?.
My last exam is on 21st. When u done?.
18th. last possible unb exam day is 18th.
Shitty.  What class?.
chem lab lol. so no problem. im getting the hardesto ne out of the way first. discrete math. how are your courses?. hard?.
Some are fucked. Others are ez.. My last one is ez..
thats good.
Yea. Man how u liking discrete math.
its hard lol. i have to spend a lot of time on it. you took it right?.
Ye last ye. Pretty interesting tho.
did u vote?.
Ye. Did u?.
ye.
Who u vote 4?.
Conservatives. U?.
Liberals. Ur a god damn fucker.
Looks like liberals might win. Wow this country is gonna go to shit.
Ahahaha. If the liberals win u might get to keep your citizenship..
Haha if the liberals win, I am deporting myself to Trinidad and Tobago.
Trinidad and Tobago  is the world's most conservative country.. Have u been listening the leaders debates.
Haha I've listen to couple.
* the mp dates i mean.
Not the recent one. Ohhhhhh.
For freedddy.
I couldn't go to the one at stu, I had work. But I read on it and talked to tess' parents who went. Keith ash field declined to show up lol.
Ahahha yea. Man every fucking candidate other than mary lou bab is so fucking dumb. The NDP candidate literally has an IQ of 7.
Hahaha I fucking know. There's a reason the ndp candidate hasn't been active. They don't want her interacting with the public. She has no political experience.
Man its gonna be pretty close on election night. I hope  harper wins so that Ben Harper doesnt lose his friends at QUEENs.
Pretty excited for election night. I'm hosting the local Conservative viewing party at my house. So Keith ash field will be there.
Nice dude. If Keith wins then Harper is going to pay from him to get dentures. Are jenny and dong gonna vote.
Yeah Jenny is voting conservative and Dong is voting liberal. Pretty weird for Jenny to be voting right winged considering that she has extreme left views.
Ahahah. That makes no sense. She probs just thinks harper is hot.. Yo when is ur reading week?.
march. why whats up.
Oh, do u not have one in semester 1.
no. do you???.
naw. I wish. some ontario schools do apparently. I was gonna see if u wanted to come up.
yeah was looking to come up sometime during this semester. not really sure when tho. i have remembrance day off but thats the middle of the week.
Shit. Yea dude come up in November.
will try to. dan he wants to come to.
Oh fuck.
we're interviewing people rn lol.
For what?.
math society.
Jesus. How is it going?.
hahaha pretty good. hold on dan he will send you a video. man gues whatt?. the person that stole from karims samosa stand is applying hahahahha.
Ahahah u should bring it up to him. Is he applying for treasurer.
hahahah yeah hes applying to vp finance. fucking funny.
Ahahha. How many ppl are applying?.
6 hahahha. 50% chance. we are hiring 3.
Qhahha. U gonna hire the guy who stole.
hahahaha noooo. alvin applied. as vp finance. we are probably gonna hire him.
Lol. Do u guys get money from UNB.
hahah yea.
How much?.
200 to start u. and then idk.
Lol. What do u guys even do?. Just math parties?.
hahha and outreach and shit. internal competitions. we might get a space. ok new interview.
Internal competitions like 1 v 1 ufc.
yeah fight club. theres a hot girl that applied. for math soc.
who is she?.
https://www.facebook.com/chars.xo.
how does Michael YIn know her. oh BC.
went to same skool.
What did she apply for?.
vp communications.
http://varsityreds.ca/sports/wsoc/2014-15/releases/Women-s_soccer_recruits_four_more_for_2015. Classic. Is she in math. ?.
shes in first year. wants to major in math. and be a math teacher.
Weird. but ya she hot.
her mom was apparently the old mayor of west vancouver.
haha, did she tell u that in the interview?>.
no haha michael told me.
oh lol. You should have brought it up to her in the interview.
Hahaha fuck. How's mtl bitches. U getting the kills?.
I tinder match with adriana durd. not gonna tap. Also the girl I messaged u about while ago I may tap tmr nite. We Shall SeE.
v niceeeeee. y havent u tapped yet.
I was in her room the other night till like 5 in the morn. I prob could have made a move, but I didnt want to stay the night.. How is shit with u and tess?.
its going good. we should do trivia at xmas.
Yeah, def.. Dude have u considered if u are goonaa marry her?.
hahaha shittttt. dunno yet. we've only gone out for one year. so i wont think of it unless we make it through uni. what do u think?.
I can see it dude. But yeah I would wait till uni ends..
lol u convinced me! im going to propose tmr!.
hahah. good. So when do u think ur gonna come up?. If u even do.
i get the 11 and 12th off. super weird because. i have school on friday.
just skipppppppppp.
11th and 12th is wednesday and thursday. i have quzies.
thats fucking lame.
i will see if i can take them some time else.
what class?.
lin alg 2. and discrete.
what are u guys learning in discrete?.
we are learning dicisibility and stuff. right now. which isnt bad.
Is ur prof that murderer?.
no hahhaa. thats tess' prof. blue jays are winning.
They will lose game 6.
yeah haha. its in kansas.
Their last game was a fucking disgrace...
i know. man i didnt start watching baseball until this year. its pretty good.
yea, It can be surprisingly exciting. Karim like baseball alot i think.
yeah. i actually havent talked to karim much this year.
really. Where is he?.
hes just around. always with elise.
fuck, they are still dating? I figured she'd get one whiff of his butt and be gone.
hahaha i dunno. hes a stinky guy haha. when i go into a study room with just the two of them. all i smell is his stank.
ahah. Speaking of stank. did u hear stanko and chester left queens and are now attending med school in serbia.
yeah i heard hahah. stanko had 1.7 gpa at queens.
Hahahaha.
and chester had plagerisation on his transcript.
I heard about that.
hahahaha. plagiarized twice.
Man. those two fuckers... Glad they are now longer in canada. Their dad was probably exported due to malpractice.
dad moved back to serbia. ??. haha fuckkk. have you ever heard of the university of novi sad. i searched it up. barely has online prescence.
Me and ro chen looked it up the other day. Looks borderline fake... yo do u see riyan ofen?.
it looks like one of those med school scams on facebook. yeah i do. i go to the eng lounge often.
is she still dating george.
no hahah they hate each other.
hahaha Y?.
hahaha they are both very easy to hate.
yea, true.
i hate djorde more than raiyan.
Really? Why?.
he is so narcissistic. i hate it. so condescending. at least raiyan knows that shes shit.
yea, that very true. Do u have class with him?.
no thank god. hes nice to me tho. but i still hate him lol.
Hahaha,. Man, have u how sneha did on her MCAT?. I see her everywhere.
Knowing her probably pretty good. Where do u see her. She studied all summer.
I see her in the comp sci building and around the student ghetto.
hmm. i wonder how shes doing. man im taking first year java rn lol. midterm friday.
System.out.print("GOOD LUCK FUCKER");.
lol.
Remeber that. it will b on there. what are u guys learning in that class.
lol. the most basic stuff. methods and stuff.
lame.
what happenned to liams big toe.
Lol wutt???.
look at his status. did it get chopped off?.
Holy fuck!. Idk. Jesus.
lol. hopefully its not detached.
Yea, jesus.
he is not answering.
Yea, i see that. He is prob in the hospital.
i wonder what happenned. i mean hopefully he was wearing shoes. i bet it has to do with his fixed gear bike. tanya fucking saw it and shes not responding. what a bitch.
Ahaha. Man i am really curious.
liam saw it. not responding.
Yea. If i were him i prob wouldnt respond.
why not?. i would be like "yea my toes gone".
Ahah. Idk dude  he is prob pretty upset.
did u find out what happenend?.
Naw did u.
no. he is online. u should ask him.
Im chatting him rn..
nice nice. let me know. are you gonna ask him?. oops accidentally commented on your hbd post instead of posting one.
Lol im not gonna ask him.
hahah rachel told me that it was just josh mac kidding around. fuck hahah.
yo  u up. leaugeÉ.
Hahaha fuck man. In at the ale house. I wish.
ahah. kk another time lol.
is ur bro fucking his roommate.
Noo.
ah kk. seems like it.
Lolol.
u with him rn?. should i ask him about it.
I know that he isn't.
lol.
U going to the math conference?.
hahaha daniel is shitting you.
Wtf.
hes going to a engineering conference or some shit.
Oh what a dumb fuck.
.
Hey bud. Lol. Also one sec.
kk.
. Look at freddys comment.
jesus hahaha. Watching the republican debate. It's ludicrous. Even for a young conservative like me. These guys are extremists.
Ahahah. Man. How is trump doing.
Surprisingly not speaking a lot. His ideas are ridiculous and reasonable. Like he wants to build a wall. But his economic policies are very progressive surprisingly. Fucking Ben Carson is proposing a 15% flat tax rate.
Ben Carson is maybe one of the weirdest people in the world. He is one of the best surgeons in USA and yet he is entirely confused when it comes to politics....
It's ridiculous. Yeah haha. Apparently he had anger problems when he was younger. Almost stabbed his friend in an argument. And then he found God and then never felt angry again. That's why he is so weirdly calm now.
Ahhaha. Man. That party is a fuck fest.
A bunch of fucking lunatics. So delusional. .
Watching at tess's. What does ted think?.
Ted is snickering at almost everything. And calling them out on their economic policy lies.
ahahah. Man it is fucked that the real election is  a year away.
Haha yeah I agree. Much different than Canada's 76 day election campaign period. So much money spent. Especially these republicans.
yea, dude. It would be really interesting to see one of them run in canada.
Haha Canadians would not accept any of them. Although they are all pretty well spoken.
yea, thats the surprising thing.
Man Karim is ridiculous.
Ahaha what happened??.
. wtf is that lol.
ahahaha, what the fuck dude.
haha what does that even mean.
i wonder if they found out about elise.
lol thats probably it!. when do you come back again? i think tess is excited to see you guys.
im getting back on the 21st. chris gt back a day or two earlier. Im pumped for trivia..
nice nice. we should ball too.
fuck yea, and league.. why was chris back in fred lastnight?.
Mt.A has fall reading week. hes back til friday.
fuck.
we were talking about how we should go crush a few brewtemders at christmas haha.
fuck ye dude. have u met jmac gf yet?.
hahaha not yet. but ive met her when karim was messing around with her. how long do u think this one will last haha?.
if u based it on his past a month tops.. but idk, maybe she is a good fit.
lol. we said that with anna standing. best of luck to them.
ahaha, yea dude we'll see. how are karim and elise going?.
no idea lol. i never see karim. he is always with elise. im pretty impressed with them honestly. seeing that they cant touch and stuff.
they cant toouch????.
no hahahha. they cant touch.
y?. Muslim stuuff?.
yeah haha. muslim stuff. i dont think shes allowed in the house either.
jesus. hahahahah, what a fucking lame deal..
yeah haha. good for elise i guess. but i heard from the grapvines that elise is one horny horny girl!. maybe she will crack and seduce him haha.
hahah, yea dude elise is only dating krim for that bbc.
lol. hopefully karim will come out of his cave during xmas. becuase ive only hung out with him like twice this year.
holy shit. that fucked dude. man karim is by far the most mysterious man I know.
hahaha. ok i gtg tutor. im at work rn lol.
peace dude, league soon.
yepp.
What the fuck is daniel he doing?. Is he al gore?.
lol he attended 2 conferences in boston and toronto. he's a very busy man. kinda funny, he thinks hes king shit now hahaha.
haha why?. https://www.facebook.com/unbeus/photos/ms.c.eJyzNLEwNjIztTC0NDA3sDDXs4TwzSF8CxjfzMLU3Njc1BQA6U8Jug~-~-.bps.t.705303506/948326581907087/?type=3&theater.
haha yeah i saw it. he's on a lot of stuff. he has a lot of extra currics. and hes on the board of a lot of things.
LoL, try hard fuckkker. Why is he doing this? Med school?.
i think so yea. its addicting probably. builds confidence.
Ahahah. How does he act like king shit?.
hahaha. u home rn?.
Ye.
skype?.
Kk one sec. U at home?.
nah im in a classroom. im by myself tho. lol look at what dhe changed SM's pic to.
Imma slit his throat.
he's trying to out-ego you.
Well, too bad for him that is fucking impossible..
nice move.
It was a pure power move. Take notes.
take notes? dont try to out-ego me.
haaha, me u and dhe will have an ego off at christmas..
hahahaha. as long as its in the form of a rap battle.
haha, oh god. You are signing ur own death sentence.. . Cheap cassidy strikes.
lol. cant wait for her to be in mountains of unrepayable debt!.
Ahahahahhaha. Dude, she is gonna mouch off u even more in that case..
hahaha. how many toilets will she clog this christmas?. my bets on 5!.
Ahahaha. Oh dude at least 5. After turkey  dinner it is a Allan family tradition to clog every toilet in the house.
hahahahha.
yo send it.
One Sec.. Walking to work. My mouth is full of blood.
Hahahahaah.
. kk thats thassignment. im done th first part. so just the book lending shit. and heres what i have so far. im almost done i think. . the LendingFacilityTestDriver is provided. you cant touch it. i was in the middle of writing the signOut method.
Okay, yea Ill do them tonight after I finish my web work. I send it to you prob at like 5 in the morning my time. they are not due till noon tmr right.
yeah fuck haha. why will u be up until 5 in the morning??. if i pay you well, can you do it asap?. take a look at it, i dont think it'll take you long at all.
Ye. Ill get it done. I just have to do my web work.. I looked at it. Ill send it to you by 1 at the latest..
Awesome. Do you mind building off of what I have?. I don't think it's wrong.
Kk sure.
I'm fucking stuck in the snow.
Is there snow there?.
A lot. Just got off work. I am officially stuck at mandarin palace parking lot.
Hahah u did u go to Mandarin Palace.
Lol I was sliding so I swerved into Mandarin palace. Waiting for a drive now.
Jesus. Ahhahah.
Hahaha a shitty day for me. hows it looking?.
Havent started. I doing a web work.
is it math?.
yea.
trade?.
sure lol.
lol username and pass?. link me.
http://msr02.math.mcgill.ca/webwork2/MATH141_FALL2015/?user=260609221&effectiveUser=260609221&key=cLhWzWytCPBLNJrU4k7J1p4kdMpR7Jxi. username and password are both : 260609221.
unlimited attempts right?.
ye.
kk good.
yo, is it only the Signed out method that needs to be done?.
signOut and returnItem. are the only two ones. i THINK. when you run the driver.
sweet kk.
everything should come out as correct.
can I use array lists or just arrays?.
what is an array list. i have no idea. use whatever you want lol.
kk.
my way is definitely not efficient. im done your webwork lol.
haha thx..
np. hows it going?. . tess says "good guy daniel".
lol. .
sick. did you figure out the Code one?.
The code one i cheated on, but I fixed the isShortTerm one. so there are no errors, and only one cheat..
ok awesome. can you do me one last solid and figure out the input thing.
yea im opening it as we speak.
kk how did you cheat?. you didnt touch the driver did u?.
naw. I set the counter to equal the value it checks for.. I changed the Tennant method.
lol the unb TAs are prob too dumb to catch it anyway. yo if its gonna take u a long time then dont bother. you've already been working on this for quite a while. i can take the hit lol.
Naw, dude. It should only take like 5 more mins all good..
kk.
.
thanks a million.
https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtf1/v/t1.0-9/12341215_10208295059721269_5456920634675515735_n.jpg?oh=d5fcf8acbf59811ae50c143f875954f4&oe=56DE0412. Addicted to diet pills?.
Lol my thoughts exactly. Lol raiyan just messaged dejon "why do you hate Richard?". What a fucking twat.
Lolol. Why did she do that?.
Haha raiyan was talking about dejon being back for xmas and I said "dejon fucking hates me".
Man. Why does anyone spend time with raiyan, sooo toxic..
Lol Tanya is friends with her. But I bet you that Tanya will ditch her the moment people come back for Xmas. vinson lee is thinking of taking econ/comp sci at mcgill. he might be messaging you. just a heads up.
ahaha that cool. All of my fucking FANS love me.
so much that they want to copy your degree. wow, thats incredible.
Yea dude Im famous! Man i got tanya 4 for the secret santa and have no idea what 2 get her.
hahah jesus christ. get her a new attitude.
haahha, whats wrong with her?.
nothing wrong. just crazy.
ahaha. Still jealous.
jealous?. im jealous of tanya right.
haaha no imean she is a jealous person. but yea, ur jealous that ur not as close to riyan.
fuck raiyan.
lol, man has she not fail out of eng yet?.
she probably wont. but do you know who definitely will at the end of this term?.
krim. ?.
no hahahah. aidan bullock. karim works hard.
haahah, oh yea I heard about how he is doing really shit. is he civil?.
7% on a must pass lab exam. not sure lol. do you know why hes doing engineering lol?.
Naw, I mean he probably just picked so he could get a job. he seems kinda dumb tbh.
hahahah i know why.
oh shit y.
its because he wants to make guitars.
HAHAHAHAAHAH]\. What the fuck?.
hahaha not kidding you.
Just a basic lack of understanding. what a fool.
he is just confused. lol he should not be in university. he should be in trade school or something.
lol ya.
would suit him much better.
is he gonna drop out of uni.
he will fail out. no doubt.
how does that even work?.
if your gpa is lower than 1.5 or something. you are not allowed to continue.
lol I hope that happens to the cocky dude from OHS in ur math classes.
lol me too. but i think hes getting C's. hes actually really nice to me. but i still hate the fucer. fucker. Just saw dejon and Joli at the gym.
Lol. Did u say hi.
yeah it was awkward though. because a week ago raiyan had messaged dejon asking her why she hated me. also dejon had a shit ton of makeup on.
Hahaha. U should have challenged dejon to a lift off..
i should have screamed "dejon you fat fuck!". how long is she back for?.
Idk a while i think. Her breaks are really long..
ah fuck. you still talk to her and all that good stuff?.
Lol ye. She doesnt hate me (yet)..
haha she wont. it would be fucking funny if she did. i wonder what the reason would be.
Ahaha. A very unpredictable person. Lol. When  is ur next exam?.
tmr but theres bad weather here so it s unpredicatable. hbu?.
Like it might get moved?.
yeah it might get moved to january. i hope it will. more time to study for java.
Oh is it java?.
nah javas on wednesday. i suck at it. are you flyign in on the 22nd?.
Naw bus after my exam on the 21st, i get in the morning of the 22nd.
lol hope you survive. how are your exams going?.
They're fine. I have my next on friday. How are urs?.
they are good but i may have just fucked my easiest one. first year chem.
Shit. Did u write it today?.
yesterday. may have gotten an A lol. and thats pretty bad because it is pretty much impossible to not get an A+ in the course.
Lol. Shit. I hope Joli beats u. That would be ridiculous..
hahahah there is no way. she picked up dejon at the airport instead of studying.
Haha. Classic joli logic. U wrote it on a Sunday?.
oh shit no it was saturday. i went out with the boys on saturday night it was a good time. but i cant wait to go out with the dudes during xmas.
U guys write weekends? Thats shitty.. Me too dude its gonna be dopeee.. Who do u usually go out with now?.
yeah just sat tho. i went out with will mac, chris mcginn, luke mccully and liam. i go out with mike barnhill and stuff too. you go out with ur roommates?.
Not for a while. Josh basically never leaves the appartment lol.
haha fuck. hopefully he'll come out during the break. is he looking forward to coming back?.
I think so. He probs misses his parents. He hasnt seen his mom since July..
is he coming on the same bus as you? i forget.
Ye thats the plan. Robert may also be on that bus..
wow whos going to sit with who. tight drama.
Man. If robert doesnt sit w/ me im going to throw a tantrum!.
hahahaha. alright im going to crank out this java. pc. good luck.
Yea u too.. Did u have to write the exam today or was it canceled ?.
had to write. what a fucking bitch. snow just dropped 15 cms in 2 hours.
Hahah fuckk. .
Jesus. are you back today???. U home now?. U home?.
Naw.
When?.
Have family dinner.. I message u when done.
Kk. Around when?.
Hmm 9 probably.
Kkkkk.
Yo im gonna be another hour..
Fuck haha. We're going to the snooty tonight?. Do you just wanna come. No question mark intended.
Ahhaha. Um im not really dressed to go out.
You not home?.
Naw. Im at the randalls now.
Ur whole fam there?.
Ahaha no.
Leave lol.
Haha. Imma chill here for an hour there are ppl who are coming that i don't get to see all year.
Lol k.
What are u doing 2nite?.
Text me when ur home and I'll see.
Kk.
Chris Arisz wants to chill too. Maybe we'll just go to ur place at 10?.
Dude leauge?. Or is therw a party.
Haha tonight. ?. There's a party. But I wanna go to the snoot.
Whos?.
Natasha. Idk I could party too. Down for whatever. We'll talk about it at ur place.
Man the weather is so trash. Snooty. Kk..
Yo Chris Arisz wants to get dropped off. Can I tell him 10?.
Is chris with u.
Yeah what's up.
Curious. Go to snooty. I come at like 10 45.
Where are you. You going one at all?. Home*. Coming now. yo whats up.
Nm.. Wbu.
boys night at the bar tonite?.
Ye sure. Wh0.
cool. you home rn?. chris arisz. ur bro. jliu?.
Sure.. Chris arisz says prob.
are you home rn?.
Ya. But im watching the ge with my dad..
whats ge?.
Game.
jliu down.
Sweet.
Tess might come, that ok?. does she pass as a guy or do I tell her she has to get a sex change.
I will be preforming a sex change at the bar.
Kk. Jliu wants to go to ale house. They are open til 3. 2.
lol. kk.
Can I come over at like 8?.
we are having a family dinner with my aunt cousins and other ppl. but idk when it will b over. did u invite liam. he posted in the dudes.
Yea ill talk to him. What time?. 9?.
Lol stiill dont know. Ill message.
Kk. I told josh and Liam 9.
U guys go and me and chris will meet u there. Im DDing anyway.
Kk lol. Josh wants to bring his laptop. And play league.
at the ale house?. ahahahha.
I'm at brewbakers rn with family. Oops I thought you asked if I was at ale house. Yea haha. Fucking idiot.
lol. so should i bring my  laptop.
Haha no. We are not playing at the ale house.
No shit. I mean if he wanted to play after.
Lol k.
Have u left yet?.
Nope sup?.
Jw. We are going to go over soon. Are u picking up chris?.
Ye.
And liam and josh?.
They have drives.
Kk when we meeting there.
930.
Kk. Josh is already there.
Lol tell him to wait.
Wait for what?.
Lol he's going to have to wait. U guys should leave. To keep him company. I still have to get Chris.
Go now. We are leaving now.
K. you on league?.
Ya. Go on.
i am on. u in fred?.
Moncton.. Im in game. B done soon.
when is it done. i have to wake at 430.
Lol y u have 2 wake up so early.
tess' sister airport.
Lol. So u gonna play?.
yea haha. im an addict!.
Lol. Feels so good.
y are u still in game.
Should be done in 5.
k. . it says u've been in game for 1400 minutes.
Ahahhaha what the fuck.
hahahah idk.
join.
going to bed lol.
lol c u tmr.
pc.
?. pc?.
Peace!. Peace bro!. See you tmr!.
ah yes, as the cool kids say!.
Come to amars.
Jk. Jk. Kk.
U home rn?. ball?.
Naw, i think im gonna stay in this afternoon.
Rift tonite?.
Hell ye.. Hows ur grama dude?.
Tess offered her place haha. She's fine. Came back from the emerg at 4.
Fuck dude that sucks.. If we play at tess's ping will be 99999 lol.
She got new internet haha. It's good now. She likes watching.
Lol kk.
What time do u think?.
Idk. 7, 8?.
830?.
Ye sure.
Wanna come sledding lol?.
Lol not at all.
Ok be there in 15.
Nope!.
Sounds good, see you then!. Karim wants to hang out tonight.
Mannnn. Tell him 2 install leauge.
Hahaaha. U comment that. Ask Chris to come tonight too.
My bro?.
Yea.
Kk. Idk what hw will do.
Tess aunt wants to play games with him lol. Tess is also happy that he is coming.
Lol kk.
Where u at. yo. where are you?. go on lol. U coming to ball today?. Come at 330. U home?.
Ya y.
I'm coming soon.
Lol. Im having a family dinner 2nite cuz david is coming back from texas. I thought we were hanging at 9.
Lol where at?.
My house.
The lag. Can I come at 8?.
Cant chill till 9..
Fuck haha Kk. I'm coming. U up?.
Ys.
Come to school at 115?.
Kk.
Come to Tilley. Do u know where that is?.
when we doing wing night?. 9?.
Yea that sounds good. Invite Chris?.
I did.
Fuck I forgot that Robert was in that group.
I messaged chris so no one would post in the group..
Fuck haha. Where u at.
home.
When u coming?.
in a bit.
Kk. Can I wait. Or can I order.
Order, Im not getting wings.
Kk.
Is pat sav really coming?.
Yea I think so.
lol.
Robert inv him. Don't worry. This will be funny.
Classic robert move.
Bring ur bro. Hmm. .
Lolol.
league?.
Y. ya.
u not on?.
.
Wtf is this haha. Is Joli dejon's messenger haha.
Ahahah. Naw i was chatting her about dejon.
Hahaha is she mad at you?. What did you say to that?. That is a direct insult lol.
.
Hahahaaha. A dumb bitch. U know she switched to business?.
Really?! Y?.
Lol science too hard for her. Or she said that it wasn't her thing. She is in first year business starting this semester.
Wtf. So she grads in 4.5 yrs?.
Lol dunno. Dumb girllllll. High self confidence though.
Why dude. No reason for it..
Due to inner insecurities. Hahaha why didn't you hang out with dejon.
Asked her to once. She said she was sick. Asked anothrr time and she didny respond.
u online?.
lol not right now. u wanna ply?.
yeeee. go on.
kk.
i need o patch.
kk.
its gongfast tho. im drnk. Need to people to come tnite.
ahaha, Do u think ppl are gonna come?.
It went well brah.
Niceee. Who won?.
im putting pics up. in a sec. dont think you'll know them.
IM ON THE EDGE OF MY FUCKING SEAT!!!.
check it. https://www.facebook.com/unbmathsociety/.
Haha, dude in the winning group is the guy who said he couldnt make it!. What a fucking liar.
hahaha really??? motherucker.
ye dude. was it a good time?.
it was a good time. i was surprised by the turnout. we had like 60 ppl.
that dope man. I saw marco attentened.
hahah yea. he was there. they didnt win.
GOOD. ahaha Who was last place.
hahaha. one sec. i'll check. hahaha absolute 0. which was like jonathan tang and his eng friends.
haha fuck. Where the questions hard?.
i didnt think so haha. everyone could get them i think.
lol. U should have competed on a solo team. Won the 100 for ur self..
hahahhah that would have been the biggest scam.
Big fan of this pic. https://www.facebook.com/unbmathsociety/photos/ms.c.eJw9ztENwEAIAtCNGpVDuf0Xa6K1ny~_AUR7lMpJegfNorLGvj0Rjalw32rI1un~;ys6LN2tyn75sjXLiB39PffbH7d~;eVnSd~_9x62~;809wwscPSoe.bps.a.812717732183933.1073741834.767239650065075/812718048850568/?type=3&theater.
hahhah why. free drinks.
So funny dude. Just a pic of a table of drinks..
hahah to show people. that we are generous.
ahaha. Math Society - True Good GUYS. . FIRSSTTTTT. PLAAAACCCCEEEE.
Lol his ego got bigger once again. Ur missing this years Chinese New Year!!!.
hahaha, dont fucking remind me!.
You're missing out bro!!!!. Best show in town is here!!.
Ahahaha, Is it over now?. Did u mC.
Last one!!!. .
lol. Who else is MCing?.
Hannah wood. Adam Li. Michelle Chang.
Lol. How is it going? Any Fuck ups?.
It was good man!!!. Wish y guys were here. None of my friends came :(.
Yo really??.
Yeeee. Yea haha. .
Hahahaha, man is that KRisten Hawkes in the back left of that photo?.
Noooo hahah. No fucking idea what that was.
haahaha, Did Tess's fam go 2 ur show.
Yea they did. I'm at the bar with them lol.
haha, what are u plans 4 march break?.
Not sure. You coming back for yours?.
ye.
Don't really know. When u going back?.
5th of march probs.
Nice nice.
Yo hows the apartment search goin?.
Yoooo living with Amar but I need to wait til March.
Wait till march to look?.
Yea I won't know about my job til then.
What job?.
Some summer research at unb. Wot u doing this summer?.
I have no idea. I have been calling companies in freddy so see if they have internships and some do and im gonna apply there. But alot of places are only open to UNB compsci ppl..
Pqa bro.
haha. I called them the other day and they didnt seem that open to interns. But imm gonna send my resume and cover letter anyway. I think they lost alot of money recently.
Talk to will. I was talking to him. And he said they hire.
Shit. I should. I feel kinda shitty doing that. it feels scummy.
Lol networking bro.
Networking is lame as fuck. I hate it so much.
Hahahahaaha. You coming back for march break?.
ya.
Do more searching then. What date u back?.
27th or 28th\. of feb.
Oh sweet dude that's in a couple of weeks. Let's go out.
Fuck ye]\. also is triv open?.
Yea dude. Let's go triv.
Doppppe. We will fucking will it all.
Ur bro coming back too?.
ye.
Nice nice. Man I've been hanging with those boys a lot. Will and Liam Luke and then. Them.
Good guy eh\. guys*.
Yea great guys. Way better than Daniel he lol.
ahahah. doesnt take much..
Lol.
he still cocky?.
It's gotten worse lol. He doesn't even answer phone calls. Straight up just hangs up.
Ahahah. fuck man. part of me hopes he crumbles.
Haha ridiculous. He prob will. Man he doesn't come out to chill. When he goes out he just chugs a pint of hard alcohol. It's scary actually.
ahhah holy shit.
Like I think he's doing it to destress.
thats fucked up! ahaha.
It's fucked. Hahaha yea. He loves clubbin. Never goes to a bar.
hes is prob really stressed. But all the stress is self induced..
Haha yea def. How's school going?.
Pretty decent. pretty hard lol. but im going to my classes this semester so midterms should go better. Wbu?.
Hahah that's good. It's going good for me but not as good as last term. I need to start going to classes lol.
lol. What are ur classes?.
I'm doing worst in bio lol. Fucking sucks.
ahahah. yea dude. I fucking hate bio. No actual logic. Just pure memory..
Lol terrible. If it weren't for savoie I'd probably be doing absolute shit.
ahaha..
Man I went night skiing couple days ago. So fun!. Got wasted.
We should go to crabbe when I get back. I wanna hit the slopes.
Yea bro we'll go.
Who did u go with last time..
Matson and will.
They good?.
Haha te pretty good. I ate shit.
Ahah on what run?.
Horn lol. Rob demerchant had to help me up.
Qhahahha. Shit dude.. Was he skiing with u guys?.
Ye hah.
lol. is he good?.
yo when are you leaving fred?.
no plan. y.
i was gonna go to toronto on 4th.
oh lol. u flying?.
yea prob. toronto long drive.
what u going up 4?.
rach and jack are oging 5th. wait no. rach and jack are going 3rd. i have midterm on 3rd.
thought jack and rachel were goingg up on the 27.
theyre  s i guess. oh. maybe rachel is.
how long u going toronto for?.
porbably like 4 days. i wanna go kingston.
lol. so u can hang with binocular dude.
only reason im going lol. yo come back on 27th. not 28th.
y.
cant travel on sunday. day of god.
lol. im flying back on the morn of the 27.
nice. I'm am not voting for him.
lolol. who else is running 4 prez.
Kevin Collins. No one good lol. I'm running for science rep.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10207626507113774&set=a.2118128785831.2120784.1024096597&type=3&theater. Is his major graphic design. yo. really. where is ur ad.
I'm running uncontested lol. I will only as if I'm contested.
ahahah. U gonna vote for bransfield ?.
No lol. I'm gonna vote for Herbert.
herbert is running. lol. what is up with all these randoms running.
Not Herbert competent. Compagner*.
oh hahaah.
Herbert bempah haha. Black guy. Good guy.
Oh yea elp dude.
Yea.
yea i met him this summer. Nice guy.. Better than bransfield lol.
Lol yea. Man I know what brand field is trying to do. He's trying to launch a political career.
ahhahahaha. what the fuck.
Not even kidding man.
no fuckking way.
This is my theory. Yea dude. So u know Matt decourcey was just like a worker for the liberals and Andy Scott's campaign?. So nick bransfield wants to be the next Matt decourcey.
HAhaah, THat is a fucking scarythought..
Hahah yea man.
But he is tooo dumb tho.
Why else would he be so involved with the fucking liberals. He is dumb. But not super dumb. Like he is average. Social skills are not bad.
Man I was in classes with him b4. Borderline brain dead man.. No way he could handle the pressure. ].
Lol. You probably know him better. I didn't have any classes wth him.
ur prob right tho. like that is def what he is trying to do.
Yea man. Yeah. Starting with unb. Unb go. Unb vp. He probably wants to be pres eventually. But I'm gonna make sure Herbert wins.
How u gonna manage that? Assassination..
Yea that's what I'm thinking. Man if nick bransfield wins. I am resigning science rep if I get it. Effectively immediately.
ahahaha. fuck dude.. do u think he will win.
No. Herb has lot of support. A lot of nicks friends don't even go to university lol. All of karims network is voting for herb. And I'm telling people I know to.
haha, who is gonna win prez?.
Probably Travis.
hahah. get ready man.
I don't like the guy tbh.
Fascism will rain..
Lol.
He is a weird dude.
He's fake.
If u dont know him well he seems super disingenuous. Also his motives are not clear].
Yea. He looks like a young mr burns.
hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah. So FUcking true.
Haha the teeth.
Man. Dhe's Event page.
Haha what.
1. Increase School SpiritOur university ranks consistently among the bottom in terms of Student Life, and often one of the major complaints is school spirit [2]. School spirit is important because it promotes a positive environment: students are proud to be here – and they should be, we have one of the strongest engineering schools in the country, bringing in over $17 million in external research funding a year [5], and our students go on to work at amazing companies.Let’s be proud of being UNB Engineering students and pump up our school spirit.. He is anna petrie.
Lolol.
. Also looks like DHe has some competition.
Hahaha. When are you back?.
tmr  morn.
Drinks tmr night?.
Sounds good to me.
Dope. Chrisbarisz in town too man.
Is it his reading week too?.
This week is.
Do u think he will be down to come out?.
. He asked us to go out last night. But then he dropped last minute. So hopefully he sticks to it. It will be a good time.
ahhaha, yea, Why did he drop/?.
Dunno lol. Must feel so good to be on break man.
LoL yea dude. I had 3 midterms in the past 24 hours. Feels dope as fuck now.
Fuck brooooo. I have 3 middys next week.
ahah shitty what are they?.
Calc chem and bio.
calc 3?.
Calc 4 lol.
ahah what the fuck is that?.
I'm bombing bio hard.
Dude. 1st bio?.
Yeah lol. Got 77 last mid.
haha, thats not that bad dude.
Unb bro. Not good.
ahah truu. U may end up like joli.
I would rather seppuku. Then end up like that stinker.
ahahah, Speaking smells, i was talking 2 rachel 2day, I think she wants to drop out of mcgill. move 2 the 6!.
Really??. I know she was thinking about that earlier this term. But I thought she got over that phase.
Yea, idk dude. me her and Jballer are going out for drinks 2nite, and imma ask her more then but yet. She seemed fairly set on it. Idk.
Hmmmm weird. Let me know.
ye def.
And don't get too fucked, save yourself for tmr nite lol.
lol yea. i have 2 leave for the airport at 6 tmr so imma chill on the zombie 2nite.
Lol nice. Is Chris coming too?. Chris lutes that is. I like that guy.
hahah. yea he is coming back.
So u back?. sup tn?.
Watching the oscars..
wanna go out for a drink tmr nite?. tess wants to.
Sure thing dude. Where?.
snooty?.
Yee.
dopee. maybe karim will be down lol. we were thinking like 930.
Kk.
yoooo still down for drinks.
Ye dude. 930 right?.
yeah bro. will you be tehre 930 sharp. or a bit later.
idk y?.
idk lol. nvm. see you at 930. is chris coming?.
ya.
dope.
Where u at!. *?.
will be there in 10 sorry. tess did not change. where u guys in snooty.
Kk.
where u guys in snooty?.
U will see us as u walk in. Ull see us.
Sup rn?.
Just chilling.
Wanna do somethin?.
What u wanna do?.
Don't matter.
Kk come over..
. Nvm not coming. Tess thinks it's too late.
Lol kk. Yo have u wrote the trivia questions yet?.
Not yet haha. Why what's up.
I wanna see them.
So you can leak them?.
Ahahha. Naw i want 2 read them 2 see if u made good questions or if u are just like the fucks at shineoramma..
my chat is fucked. Is ur fb chat fucked?.
What do u mean fucked???.
Like I can't load messages. Like I can not send messages. I can send but I can't see urs. im making up the question now. what categories should i do. i need help.
Are they math related?. Who directed the life of pi. Ang Li.
haha good one. nah. half of one round is math orientated. man im worried about turnout.
Why. U dont think ppl will come?.
no hahah. none of my friends are coming. terrible friends.
Ahahah. Who isnt going?.
lol. none of SM. sm is terrible ppl.
Ahahha.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sTWxsJrrPI04KmKsR5Q3L2l5a1BdkaPDUwmEbAbChSw/edit. help me out if u want.
I mean the ppl in sm are probably really bad at triv.
do not share that link lol.
Lol no shit. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10154753243663065&set=a.70950358064.82433.788338064&type=3&theater. ahahahahahaahahahhaahhaahah.
Hahahahaha. My two favs.
i didnt know djordge acted.
He does hahaha. He's not bad actually.
haha are u gonna go to the show?.
Haha not sure. I didn't know that Alex Mcallister acted haha.
His whole fucking life is an act.... yo are u moving out this summer?.
Yaaaa bro that is the plan u know. You wanna move out or something?.
ahaaha, I am already moved out. lol.
Hahaha yeah we wanna find a place.
is it just u and amaar?.
Yep. We wanna find a dope place.
what  is ur rent limit?>.
Like 600. In Fred you can find a paradise with that.
ahahaha, Yea, ur gonna end up in eddy campbells house with that cash.. Do u care about location tho?.
brooo i just got summer hob. job.
Noice. Where.
unb. i got a nserc.
Sic  who are u working for?.
colin ingalls. good guy. pretty pumped. very litte money tho.
Ahah. What u mean verry little?.
haha like barely minimum. or maybe less than minimum.
Shit. Its good experience  tho. What are u going to do for him?.
yeah its good exp. umm. he does like geometric algebra. so apaprently im gonna code shapes for him. and print them out on a 3d printer. and he will examine the shapes lol.
Ahahahahahahah.. Nice. That really fucking weird but nice.
yeah hahah. u coming back this summer right.
I have a job interview tmr for a company in freddy.
skype?.
Naw its on some random site. Appear.in.
nice. what company.
Called Simptek. If i dont get it i already have an offer from the guy i worked for last summer. So either way ill be back in freddy.
nice haha. wait. u gonna go to moncton again?.
No. Its like in freddy. I hope i get the internship tho.. I dont want to work with kids again.
lol. are you gonna run the camp. is that the deal?.
I think so. He messaged me about it but i told him i would get back to him about it.. How many weeks is nserc.
nice hahah. can you run it with someone else?. nserc is 16 weeks.
Idk. Like i would have to hire ppl for the job.
ncie dude. hire me.
hahaah, sure thing.
lol do i need an applicaiton.
Probably.
what if im working during the day haha.
The job interview is just an opstical course. If u are working during the day that will defiantly be a problem.
ok i would love an obstical course. lol do i need to commit full time.
yea.
full summer?.
6weeks.
how much $ do u think ur gonna get.
Idk, I didnt ask, I hope i dont have to work for him lol.
hahah. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlZpSvpqGLs. next great rapper.
Dude that kid used to be my neighbour. His dad is rick miles. He was a liberal MLA. Rick was fucking braindead. Hahah the video is so cringy.
hahahah yea i know. fucking ryan kim.
Where did u find this?.
its on fb. everyone in that band shared it lol. pretty high video production quality.
Yea. The kid who made the vid has done 48 hour film fest b4..
really?. is he good?. seems like hes got equipment.
Um. On a technical level he is really good. I thibk he has a mark 3.
fuck rly. seems like hes got on of those camera ball stabilizers.
Yea. His mom is a professional photographer.
jesus must be expensive shit. aurora productions.
Haha. Yea dumb ass name. Rule number one. Always name ur production company after a fruit..
mandarin orange productions.
Great name. When do u guy finish exams btw?.
19th. u?.
What the fuck. We start on the 19.
really??. when do u finish.
29th.
ur break was longer. by 4 days. i guess.
When do u start?.
on the 9th lol. this is the second last week of schoo. dude unb quality of education not good.
Ahahah. What makes u say that?.
lol. terrible. quality varies based on professor. professors are so spolied here. no pressure to deliver good teaching. pretty much, if you dont like teaching, you dont have to work at it.
LoL. Spoiled.. Transfer 2 mcgill. Or Nippissing U.
lol who do u know who has transferred twice. nipissing i think. is the way to go.
Hahahah. Maybe ur profs will b better when u get to the upper years. Or maybe u should relocate ur family to Nippissing. Who knows.
lol yea. only good thing about unb is that there are so many holes here that need to be filled. if you are driven, then you can start anything. because there is nothing here.
Yea. Thats true. Big fish small pond. Do u want 2 do grad school stil?.
i dont know. i have no idea what im going to do. hbu.
Prob work 4 a year then masters or law. But idk man. I'll decide later..
law. go to ocad.
Ye.
ontario college of design university. its a college and a university. 2 in 1 combo deal.
Ahahah. Im gonna get a PhD from ryerson! A PhD in Fashion Communication.
lol. what date u back?.
idk yet. Prob the 30th. send a pic of ur hair.
lol u are going to photoshop it. so no.
no im not dude. i just want 2 see it dude.
.
Holy shit.
hahhahaha.
what does tess think?.
hasnt seen it yet. what do u think.
lol. It actually turned out way better than expected..
lol yeah i thought it was either going to be terrible or not bad. i like it. i was just doing it as like a ridiculous thing. but it actually looks pretty good. imo.
ahahaha, "Doing it as a ridiculous thing" sounds like josh mac.
hahahahaha.
Yo, when do u start working?.
Ap 25. Why.
Just wondering.  How many weeks.
16 weeks. When u back nig?.
Idk. I start work May 2nd, so prob the weekend of April 30th.
Did u get that job???.
Ye dude. The office is down dude..
nice dude! now you're on par with new brunswick politicians!. they work downtown too!.
haha, The office is in the center of the Legislature.. http://www.tourismnewbrunswick.ca/~/media/Images/TNB/Website/Products/L/LegislativeAssemblyofNewBrunswick/Lesgislative%20Assembley%20of%20NB%20-%20Chamber-for-Tourism-brochure.jpeg. Here is a pic of my office.
you are one of those scribes that sit under the speaker?.
Naw dude. I wish. I am the chair that the speaker sits in..
u done yet????.
Naw man it fucking sucks! I have one more tmr night then im done..
ahhhh fuck. skip it haha.
haahh yea.. hows work?.
Reading a lot.
lol. What u reading? Harry potter?.
Green eggs and ham. When you back???.
Sometime tonight.
Late?.
Yea. I cant hang till tmr..
. Wanna get lunch?.
Yo just seeing this now. But respond 2 my txt.
we sayin lunch?.
im down.
12?. do you still only eat vegatables?.
yes.
where do u wanna go hahaha.
idc.
i was thinking dimitris. but if you only eat vegetables. then.
I only have 30 mins for lunch.
it may not be ideal. hahahah seriously?.
let get relish.
is that legal.
yea dude.
sure. relish is dope.
dope.
is that legal.
yes. hahaa.
you're boss told you that?. your*(. does it have to be at 12 sharp?.
no I can take it when i want.
hmm ok i have a hair appt at 11. i'll probably be done before 12. text u when im done.
i dont wanna eat pre 12.
hahaha look at this guy. kk. Where are you. Which building.
The one next 2 radical edge.
I'm here.
kk ill be out in a sec.
I'm up by clay Cafe. Lunchie?.
yes.
abbey is down too. might be around 12:15.
sg.
what does that mean.
sounds good.
ohhhh. look at this guy. very slang.
I try really fucking hard.
Yo 1220?. I'm coming with Liam. Where u wanna go?.
kk pizza twice?.
Sure.
kk lemme know when u here.
Kkk coming now. Where u. Across police station.
Who is going to trivia tmr?.
Tess Alvin me. I'll ask Liam.
Kk. lunch. ?.
im going with tess. wanna come tho?.
where to?.
not sure hahah. what are you feeling. im extremely hung over.
I figured u would be. I saw snap chat lastnight. pizza?.
lol nooooooooo.
lol kk.
somewhere good. palate?.
lol. no.
hahah why.
u and tess go. I just remebered i have to run errons this lunch.
Hahaha Kk.
is liam coming 2 triv?.
I think so. He said he would be down yesterday.
lol kk.
Got Karim to come.
cant come tonight. or i can. but imma be a bit late. I have to go to this tonight:. https://www.kiraawards.com/. .
When is it done.
930 is what it says.
Is it for work?.
Ye.
Are you for sure going to come at 930. If not, then we're not going to go. If you come at 930, then we'll go.
Lol y???.
Not enough ppl.
Its 5 ppl with out me right.
And we will do bad. Nah. 3 or 4.
Oh shit..
What u sayin?.
Yea i have no idea when it will be done.. Ill prob know at 630.
Kk I think we're still going. Let me know if ur coming. Text me on phone. I have no data. Are you coming?.
yea.
Lol Kk. Ahh fuck they're not open til 430. Sup tn?.
Just chilling at home. Wbu?.
Wit Liam.
U playing badminton?.
Just finished. Looking for something to do.
What u wanna do?.
U wanna get wasted?.
I have work tmr.. And so do u.
I don't care haha.
Your a bad boy, i like that!.
we watching raps game tn. u in?.
when // where.
9pm. not sure where.
but ye. Sure Im down.
maybe nacho night style.
yes. Want to hit snooty at like 830.
Sure.
im at work still. So can u pick me up here when the time comes.
Look at this guy. Hard working. Sure.
I love my JOB. and my two BEAUTIFUL children..
Working hard to put food on the table. All Canadian family man. 840 ok?. lunch?.
I brought lunch 2day. But tmr. Me at chris are getting lunch.
chris lutes?.
The one and only..
amazing. and trivia tmr night?. we'll have the full squad.
Yeye.
We are watching game 5 tn if ur down.
9 at snooty?.
.
Who is trivia team for tmr.
The classic crew.
Thats 5. Plus abbey. ???.
And Matson.
Lol. Matson dont know shit!!!.
Hahahaha. Not a big deal.
Abbey asked me if she could come..
Hahaha fuck Liam asked me.
kk ill let her know.
Ur coming right?.
ye. u there yet?.
I'll be there for 9.
kk sg. omy.
We going to ale house. what time?.
Idk 1230 probably.
kk. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUP74dvd7fI. 9:03.
lol. u talking about the white dude celebrating.
hahah he high fived steph curry's wife. she has no idea who he is.
hahaha, oh shit i didnt know that was steph currys wife.
lol. let me know when and where for lunch.
ye kk.
Did u decide on where. Matson might be coming too.
lunch cafe.
Sure what time.
1330. 1230.
. Are you gonna meet me there.
yes.
For 1230?. Are you there?.
not yet. wait for chris to pick me up.
yo you can ask abbey to come. tess isnt coming.
kk y not.
shes going to antigonish bcuz he grandfather is not doing so well.
kk.
Watching game tn?.
Idk. Maybe are ppl going out?.
I'm down for whatever. Robbie's down.
I want to watch it with the boys at my place, but chris moved his tv back to his room.
Fuck him. We could watch at tess' house. It's empty.
Thats so creepy.
Why haha?. She offered.
Oh really? Is everyone still in Nova Scotia.
Yep.
Yo. Y u call.
Watch at Tess?.
Ye im down dude.
Dope. When are you coming. You missed a call from Richard..
Omy.
Kk. Do u wanna get j Liu as well?.
looks like tess wont be coming to triv?.
Ye not this week. Are we still going to triv today?.
Yea, why not?.
Kkkk. I might be a bit late. Like 30 mins late.
lol Y?.
Badminton lol.
ur cut. We only have 5 this week eh. ME u Alvin jliu and chris.
Yea that's fine. Maybe Matson  will come.
lol. he trash.
Hahaha. Irina?. Hahahah.
Even worse. When does triv. Start.
830. Go for 815. And get table. We sayin lunch today?.
yee. lunch cafee.
what time?.
1230.
Kkkk. Chris coming?.
Idk. I dont think so. I didnt invite the fella.
Lol. Who else coming. Do I pick u up?.
Ye.
Come down.
Shere Where ru.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEoZsKa6lnM. hahah jesus. do you remember this. can i share?.
Defiantly not!.
lol. Supppp.
Yo.
What are you up to. Raps game?.
Ye im down 2 see a loss.. Where u wanna watch.
Ur place?. Do u have that tv?. Or did cocksucker Chris still have it?.
Ol cock sucking chris still has it..
Hmm I have a tv. I can bring it?. Unless you wanna go out again haha.
Lol sure. Naw. I dont want to go out to watch it.
Kk I'll bring my tv.
Dope.
Come help me with tv. Open the door. Yo what up. Matson and I sayin lunchie today.
arent all places closed.
Not restaurants. Stores ya.
u Sure?.
Yes. It's like this every holiday.
Ur confident. I like that ;). But kk sure when we saying?.
1215?.
Kk.
We're coming to get you.
Kk.
Here. Hurry up. We bbqing.
Ye bb.
When u free?.
6.
Where u. Where are you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daXvNty0N78.
Lol.
a god. .
Lol.
Triv starts at 7 today eh. Not 830.
Kk ye.
be there 645.
K. https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13230286_10206152876173714_7019072321864308524_n.jpg?oh=eefaa0304e9b0211365e5d7af9bb7f68&oe=57999A9C.
wot are we saying tn. are we going somewhere after triv.
im going home to watch the pens game.
chris arisz is asking dunno what to tell him.
tell him tmr.
im going to mtl. but i'll tell him the truth.
lol kk.
yall are hockey loving vaginas. thats the truth.
tru.
Sup tn.
Watching the hockey game w/ my dad. Ill hang tmr.
lunch?.
brought lunch 2day. Wanna hang 2nite.
ye when?.
ball at 7?.
Sure. It may thunder tho.
nvm lets hangout later then. like 8 or 9.
Haha k. going to matsons cottage. 730. wanna come?.
when u come back?.
Tmr morning.
naw cant then.
kkk. ku klux. klan. triv tmr.
yaa. . Man i really fucking hate nick bransfield.
Man think he has aspirations to be a politician. What time will u guys be there?.
Im going to be late, i have a work dinner thing tonight. Idk when chris is going.
Kk. When can you make it by.
idk prob be there for 730.
Should we sub u out for Josh Liu.
lol. No. ill be there.
.
ill miss one round max.
Kkkkk. Go early today?. Well grab a seat and a beer?. ?????????. Lunch at 1215?.
let meet there for 12. I have a meeting at 1:00.
Kkkk.
Can u call 2 make a res?.
It's booked. We'll have to walk I. In c. Can you make it for like 1155. To get a table?.
yesssssssss. hope fully we will get a table.
Kkkk. If we go like a few mins before 12. We will get a table.
how many ppl at the table.
4. Alvin wants to come.
kk. Hey my meeting got moved to 12.... want to eat at 1?.
Wtf haha. Already told the 12. Them.
just tell them 1.
Fuck man.
ahaha its 2 ppl.
Don't wanna go at 1.
kk, cant come then.
Lol sucks. Anything hapenning tn?.
Watching the game. Also have 2 leave early tmr morn.
. trivia tonight?.
yes.
show up at 8?.
k.
is chris home?.
Yes.
8 right?.
Yes..
1215?.
ye. Where r u.
Lunch Cafe.
thought u were picking me up.
Lol why would you assume that. I'm running on tight schedule.
cus u have everytime we ate dude.
I forgot this time lol. For some reason I assumed we would meet here.
can u pick me up??.
It'll be faster if you walk. Too much traffic downtown. I'll order for you. What do you want.
kk sushi combo A.
Kkkk. Can you bring ur veggie shit to bbq?.
What do u want?.
Anything you want. Ur the vegetable water.
Lol kk.
Eater. Kk Matson coming too.
Dope. Is it cool if i sleep on the couch in ur basement?.
You can sleep on a bed. Parents gone.
Hey man. I like the sounds of that!.
.
.
Jesus. Do you have double a batts.
???. Of batteries. Oh*. No i dont.
Kk.
What time?.
730.
C u there.
745 actually. wont be back in time.
Kk.
Wanna do something tn?.
Sure. What do u want to do?.
Don't know. I'll come over at around 830?.
Kk sure.. Whats jliu doing tnite?.
He told me as I dropped him off. "Don't you dare kidnap me tonight".
Sounds like he is getting kidnapped.
Yea lets go kidnap him at 730. 830.
sounds good.
Finals and sardines at my place u down?.
Ill b there.
When are you coming.
8 ish.
You coming?.
Omy.
Yo I'm not gonna go to lunch today.
U binch y not?.
Don't wanna spend $.
Holy shit. Words i thought i would never hear!.
I've saving for a new racket. I'll come w u Kk?.
Sure pick me up when u want.
1220.
kk dope.
Come down.
kk.
We're saying wing nite tonite. U down?.
Ill come out.
K. Around 930 ish.
Where.
Snooty.
Who is coming out.
Josh and Liam.
Dope. Liu or mac?.
Great handsome young 4 men!. Liu. When are you guys going?. Yoooo so do you have hiking shoes?.
Yea sure.. Ill bring them in a bag to triv.
Bring ur biggest pair. Thanks.
Kk. Ill bring 2 triv.
What time we go?. ?????.
Omy.
Forgot to ask, did you bring those boots?.
I brought them out of the closet, and then i asked my dad if he thought u should wear hiking boots, and he said that you should just wear ur sneakers. That it is more important that ur feet are comfortable than wearing shoes with ankle support. But if u still want them i can bring them 2 ur place later 2nite.
Ok cool sounds good i trust bob.
Kk when should i come over 2nite?.
Around 10.
Whats up 2nite. ?????.
You going to Max's tn?.
Yea probably.. R u. Maybe not. I never have a good time at his parties. I just wonder who will be there..
I don't like the the people there. So probably my. Not*.
Who is going?.
Someone used my bbq.
.
When I was away.
What?. How do u know??.
The cover is off. And there are radler caps.
How many caps?.
3.
Those are from when i brought radlers 2 ur place. Also. Wind probably blew it open.
Weird. I made an effort to especially cover the bbq when I left. Are you going to lunar.
maybe a ghost. Who is going to the rouge?.
Don't know. Read the chat.
u going ?. i wanna talk 2 u about the climb.
Yeah I'm going around 8.
Man not going to Max's was the right move lol..
hahahha. how was it.
Brutal. I like max and mad deals, but everyone else is too fucking ridiculous.. Also I made a joke about cassidy and tanya and abbey got offended.
hahahah jesus. yeah man i told u i dont like those ppl. that includes abbey and tanya lol. jk.
Yea man. Also the fucking girls are starting to get on my nerves. Lol. Not rachel and kendall. But the other girls.
i like kend. i was going to hang out with her tn hahah. she texted me. to go drinking because she didnt wanna go party.
M2.
niceeeeeee. why didnt u go.
Wut.
whats M2.
Me too.
lol the fucking slang.
Ahahha. Man all we learn in comp sci is computer slang.. Did u go out with ken?.
nah. cryan. cryan texted her and was feeling sad so she had to comfort him LOL.
Fuck man. They clearly should have broken up..
yeah hahahha. its fucked.
Who called u 2day.
wot. wot u mean.
When u got that call.
sneha.
Lol y.
she is having a some issues. she is kinda lonely in mtl. too much time to urself = not good.
Shitty, mcgill can be an isolating place.. Has she hear back from any medschools.
yeah i think shes applying next year. feel bad for her. i bet it feels bad to get lonely in a city full of ppl.
Yea man, she probably just works all day, and then goes home and does what ever until she has to work the next day.. Pretty shitty.
yeah dont wanna get stuck on that cycle. thats a bad cycle.
Is she going to try 2 meet ppl. She seems like a nice person..
yea she is kinda antisocial. its tough to meet ppl. like where do i start. where do u start*.
Ye. She could join an eng club or some shit. But it is true that it is hard 2 find ppl.. She should get tinder. Lol.
get tind hahha. fton tinder blows.
Man. Its full of the fattest fucking slobs in the world..
terrible. fat fucking hick girls.
Hahaha. Man on tinder i find that the girls i match with are either too hot for me to talk 2. Or not attractive enough for me 2 care about talking to them..
yeah i agree. lmao my mom just found the shit under the sink. "oh my god!".
Ahhahaha. Thank god i wasnt still under there.
hahahahha.
are u going to alicia's lunch.
No lol. Don't have that kind of money.
lol, wanna get lunch.
Lol going with Tess to sobeys. Wanna come?.
Are U eating at sobeys?.
Yea.
When u going?.
1215. At gym rn.
hahah, yea, ill come. Can u pick me up tho?.
Yep.
dope. Message me when ur close.
Kk. I'll be there at aroun 1205.
Kk.
Here. Coke play Catan tn?.
Coke?.
Come. Just talked to Chris. He's down.
Where?.
Tess'.
KK when?.
Now?.
kk, I am in the middle of some work. Ill leave in like 15.
Kk. Trivia tn right?.
Yis. yo. wanna get smokes w/ me and chris at lunch.
Sure I'll come.
Kk 1230.
Lol got the graphic designer job.
Ahhahaha.
hahahha im a fraud!. Where u.
B there in one sec.
If Liam brings Tanya I'm gonna kill him.
Ahahahahah. He better fucking now. Not**. He always does th0.
yeah i know. what do we do. cant do anything.
Lunch??.
yeah when.
1230. WHere u wanna eat?.
dont matter to me. damda?.
hahha, Lunch Cafe?.
sure lol. i cant pick u up. i biked. so lets meet there.
kk sg. Ill be there at 1230.
kkkk. you should come now. im bored.
lol, kk leaving now.
kkk. im across the street on a bench.
hahah kk.
Yoooo weird shit hapenned to me today.
Wut. What happened.
Rachel is upset w me. U still at robs?.
Yea i am.. Why she mad?.
Hahaha super weird story bro. Interesting tho. I'll talk to you in person tmr.
Lol shit kk..
Sup bro?.
Nm. Powers out.
Let's do something?.
What do u want to do?.
Dunno. I wanna bike. Can I bike over.
Also i told smelch that i would hang with her some time 2day.. Ye. Bike over.
Lol. Yeah. Give me 30.
Kk.
Liam says. 930 his place.
Dope.
Bro jliu is being lazy. We have to go kidnap him. Sup.
Sup.
Out for a run. Sup w u.
About 2 eat dinner  wanna chill 2nite?. Play triv or some thing w/ tess and chris. And jliu. And lambyyy.
Going to a bar with Karim at around 9. Wanna go.
Yea i wanna see krim. What bar?.
Not sure. When r u done dinner. I might come over. Karim is seeing a movie starring at 650. Said he'll come after.
Whats up?. Where u at?.
At Kendall's. Going to tess.
Are we baring.
Yea we are.
Kk let me know when.
Kkkk. Around 915 I would say.
Where.
Doesn't matter to me. Do you care?. Bring Chris?. When will you be there?.
Omy wbu.
Alw house. Ale house. Change of please. Place.
Lol u there now.
lunch today with tess u wanna come?.
Kk sure. What time?.
1215?.
Sure. Where we eating?. $obeys?.
Yeah probably sobeys haha. I'll be there in 5 mins.
Where r u. Sup?.
At abbeys. Come.
Who is there?.
Liam and rach. U w Josh?.
Yus.
Coming?.
Yea whats the plan 4 2 day?.
Going to wills after. We'll talk. The keys are in the car right?. lunch?.
Already ate.
Brew.
?.
Nvm lol. U ball?.
what one?.
8.
um, idk. if it is a bunch of girls id rather not tbh.. actually. i have noting better to do so ye.
Lol. Ur skills have probably deteriorated to Kendall's so. Hey can you give me a drive.
Sure. Where will u b.
Thanks my house. I have my car but I want to get my bikes from Liam's. Come anytime I'm pretty bored. Actually you don't have to get me. My mom just came home. Yo 800 bucks. 400 each.
did the dude go to two places?.
He said that's the lowest. It's kinda reasonable. Not absurd I would say.
I mean its pretty dumb considering the net value of the car is $5,000 at best. I would not say that 20% of the car's value comes from the front right bumper..
I've hit a bumper before. It was like 700.
what kind of car?.
Like a ford truck.
ford truck would be worth 5 times that car.. but yea what ever.. has the guy got it fixed yet.
Are you going to tell your rents?. Nah appointment in a month.
hahaha. a month. man we should find out where he lives, break into his garage and fix it our self.
Next morning he'll wake up and it's totally fixed.
man, i just want to make this man happy. Ill do what ever it takes..
I saw him at the gym yesterday. Sup tn?.
Yo. Just seeing this.
lol np. lunch?.
Ye sure where u want 2 go?.
doesnt matter. i'll get you at 1220?. ??.
sure.
. Here.
Where?.
i see you've msged her.
how u no?.
she msged me. grand manan its raining this wknd. thats what she said.
lol ye.
good. it hapenned. you wanna go out with joli tn?.
naw. prop not.
shit. man i do not want to go.
hahaha y not?.
i have had a change of heart. dont know. cant handle.
ahahahah.
guess who my boss is. i got a new graphic designing job.
Bonner?.
yep.
who are u doing GD for?.
. this shit.
u make it?.
yea.
looks nice dude. what did u use to make it?.
photoshop lol.
noice.
chris says he going to a job interview. wtf. oh shit.
during triv?.
nvm. nvm nvm.
haha kk.
man unb has such bad graphic design. . last years.
ahahahahahahahaahahahahahaha.
. my redesign.
The nicer. The shine logo is gross as fuck tho.
yeah i fucking know. i want to redesign everything. that they have. terrible.
How much $ are u getting frm them?>.
$12/hr. 2 weeks of work. 12x30hrs. 360  bucks. Tess says do ou guys wanna play trivial pursuit instead?.
Im down 4 what ever. actually yes tess's place.
Ok cool. Tess' at 8.
Chris doesnt want 2 go.
Aw man. Why not.
'Too tired'.
Awwww man. U still coming?. We have Irina to replace Chris.
Ye ill be there.
Location change my house. 830.
Kk.
Where are you.
Lunch?.
sure tess is coming too.
kk WHerE we eating?.
sobs.
haha Yum. what time?.
around 1215.
What time/.
7 mins.
kk.
come to joshs after ur work.
y?.
we're hanging out. ive managede to char. half of my meat.
Yea Ill come over..
when.
Im not sure.. I have 2 eat dinner.. But im not that hungry. so maybe I wont eat.
let me know.
I dont think imma go over. Its raining too hard and i don't wanna drive all the way over there.
kk. Where are you.
Omy.. Ve there in 5.
Sup tn.
cap at 530.
We grabbing a bite before?.
What u want to get?.
That pita place?. Is that good?.
Pit Fresca.. Ye. lets go there I wana try it.
When are you done work. 530?.
5.
I'll come down then.
. Message me when ur downtown.
10 mins. Wanna go market.
Naw. But lets make kimchi this afternoon.
Sure when. illl bike over.
Come over at 1.
apprntly mason jar can explode. if you dont let the gas out. so do that. a couple times a day. for the first few days.
yea, you have leave the jar lid loose.
loose?. expose it to air?. that doesnt seem good for some reason.
like covered but not air tight.
kk. kkk. just like a bit screwed on. wont that rot?.
naw. the original kimchi pots where clay, and just a lid that want air tight at all. it will be fine. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLMfPllgEHg. jesu.
wtf is that video.
looks like the worst kimchi in the worl.
lol. Are you going today?.
Idk..
Y not. I don't want to be the only one there.
Haha.
Y u not coming.
I have to do some prep b4 the meeting.
Lol. Abbey made lunch. I feel bad.
Is it just u going?.
Me and josh lol.
Haha. Man where are all her girl friends?.
No idea. So that's why u should go. I don't wanna cringe.
Haha kk what time.
B there at 12. Abbeys.
Man its kinda a sad suprise if the only ppl surprising her are 3 guys.
Too late to change that now.
Hahaha.. Have u asked jack yet?.
Nope. I'm not organizing this thing. I just feel bad for abbey.
Lol. Ill message the slit. Will u pick him up on the way?.
Who's the slit lol. Jack said he would go right.
Ya. Will u pick him up???.
lol. Fucking rat bastard. I'll pick him up. So r u coming. Or has jack replaced you.
Haha. Yea. Imma see if abbey can leave earlier tho.
Did you message jack.
Ya.
And he said he needed a drive. Has not messaged me.
Idk if he wants one or not..
Where are you. You home?. I'm coming to get my bike.
ye sure.
Kkkk. I'm gonna run there so I'll be there in an hour.
lol kk.
. Nvm it's raining. Are you going tn.
Ya.
Lunch ?. Alvins down.
I brought lunch 2day.
You wanna come with?. Lol Chris Wagner just walk in.
Naw.  I have 2 run some errands on my lunch break. Ahah fucking wagdady.
Lol. http://www.bet.com/video/betawards/2016/performances/beyonce-kendrick-lamar-freedom.html.
Lunch?.
Would u like to have lunch. Whoa. That's fucked yo.
ahahah shit. That fucking weird. There is a ghost in my computer.
Lol maybe that naked woman's ghost.
God i hope so.
I'll pick up up 1215.
dope. Where u want 2 eat?.
Tess coming too. Doesn't matter.
kk.
Maybe 1220.
kk.
Still pumping my chest ya know what I'm sayin nig.
groos.
Here. lets shoot a short.
About what?.
dont know. i want to though. maybe like a 5 minute short.
Me too.
you have any ideas?.
Im writting a screen play right now.
hahah seriously?. google doc it. Did you?.
Its not done yet. Also there is no way we could shoot it. It is gonna be a 22 minute pilot..
Lol are u busy?. Do u wanna work on it ?.
Work on what?.
Let's work on a screenplay. Also trivia at 9.
Yea I'm down. I am just waiting to eat dinner with my family. Then im down.
Kk. I'm coming to get my bike. And I'm gonna go for a ride.
kk sounds good.
I'm at ur house rn. Gonna go for a ride. Let me know when you're done.
Kk im done.
K I'll bike back. I'm in fucking marysville.
Jesus.
link me to that screenplay. also, are you buying lunch today?.
ye. what ur email.
the one with my amazon account. is ruiqi.du@gmail.com. i think. yea it is.
sent.
got it. are you going out for lunch?.
y. YA. yo. lunch?. when?.
shit sorry dude. im still at the su office. have you gone?. does it matter if its at like 1?.
naw its fine.
ok i'll come at 1.
kk.
Here. karim is down to fuck.
Niceee.
you gotta change my permission to be able to edit the screenplay. right now im "read only".
Shit.  Ill do it when i get home.
cool dude.
Im a pretty cool dude.
k.
Amazon only lets you give 'read-only privledges'.
thats fucking gay. are you serious. what a assmachine.
Yea i know man. IDK why tho.
do they butt sex in the amazon rain forest. jesus.
Wow. You are very rattled.
now wut. should we find different software.
did u get the email i sent.
the one you sent earlier today?. yeah.
no just now. I found a new software.
ruiqi.du@gmail.com. dont see it. you can also try. rdu@unb.ca.
u get this one?. sent 2 rdu.
nope lol. yep. got it. looks legit. cool. im going to badminton. catch ya later. With Josy and Karim at rogue. It y want in.
How long u boys gonna be there?.
Not even there yet lol. Will b there in 15. U coming?.
sure..
Just got here.
be there in 15. working on something.
Can you bring me some cigs lol.
nope.
Thanks!. Where u.
U at rouge?.
. https://www.amazon.ca/AFUNTA-Handheld-Camera-Stabilizer-Perfect/dp/B00QV71HOO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1468502871&sr=8-1&keywords=camera+stabilizer. im gonna buy this.
That looks dope. how are the review. s.
theyre 3.5. but its cheap. and decent. the others are like. 100+bucks.
yea steady cams are expensive.
lunch 1215.
kk.
More like 1220.
kk.
Here.
kk.
do you want to work on the screen play tonight?.
YEa.
before triv.
Come over 2 my place after u finish work?.
sure. i'll bike over. when will u be there.
515.
seshu is down. i shared him to the. writerduet. he wants to help write.
nope.
hahah really?. it wont be too bad.
He botched 59.
he was in gr 9 haha.
ahah, yea what ever. idc.
hahhah he's pretty excited i think. hahahhah are you bullying rach. shes sounds like shes being slaughtered rn.
Ahaha how so?.
hahah idk. im just sitting here working away.
Oh r u with her?.
yeah at the library.
Haha ye i just slaughtered her with a line.
lol stop doing it, this library is supposed to be quiet. im being embarrased.
Hahah is she yelling?.
hahaha she was doing that seizure thing.
Ahahhah. Oh no.
feel bad for me.
I wAlways do.
....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\....
dont forget the bike rack thing eh.
yeah i. i'll try it out. hmmm we can also rent bikes btw. probably would be easier. and then every can bike.
i would rather take my own lol. I doubt they would be very good bikes. but ye.
yeah me too but.
the others could rent.
i'll see. how secure that value village bike rack is.
idk. We can make it secure.. also bike rental is $25 a day.
haha im gonna make the call here buddy!.
First of all, don't call me buddy..
hahah im going back to work. you should too, you're a busy boy. see you at 5. ;). U home?. http://richardduunbsu.squarespace.com/new-page-61/. richardduunbsu.squarespace.com. Put the bikes in ur car tmr. When you drive it down.
ya k.
Mine is at ur place too. Thx.
should i bring a third bike?.
Dunno. What do u think. Up to you.
do u think we can use the rack?.
Tess said we can use it. I'll bring it to lunch tmr. I think it has room for 3 bikes. Not sure if I would recommend that. You can take a look and see.
ill bring 2. aka mine and urs.
Cool.
.
Jesus. . The contraption.
Hhaha.
1230?.
ya.
. Where is the van Parked.
City hall parking lot. 1104.
Meet me there 1230.
kk.
Here.
kk be there in a sec.
Where u.
in the tub lol.
Haha why.
tired.
Faggggg. Can we film the Intro sometime this week?.
Yea. Im down. Oh btw snoot at 615?.
That's early. I don't think I can that early.
Y?.
At the gym until at least 7. How about 730.
K. Also jack texted me last night and he also wants to make a movie.
Lol what did you tell him.
I was like im down. Have any ideas?.
Lol he didn't message me.
Do u still not want to bring him in?.
Let's make something else with him.
Kk.
Too many ppl working on this one already.
Ye. Kk.
. Who else coming to snooty.
Well i am meeting him at snooty 2nite 2 talk about ideas. Idk who else other than that.
Lol. I'm not coming.
... y?.
Don't want to. Hanging w Tess.
lol wow so chill dude! What a great guy!!!.
Haha Jesus. Hung with Joli last night.
How is the Arab Princess doing?.
Lol I went to waleeds house. With Karim. It was interesting.
Was it nice.
Lol yeah. He drives a Mercedes. He's a weird guy tho. Doesn't understand humour. But he's nice. Karim wants to film tn after 9.
I dont think we should. We are not ready.. Also i told jack i would meet him tonight.
.
What does that's mean?.
I agree. We won't film today.
Okay. When do u want to film?.
I'll ask Karim.
Also has anyone talked to feng yet?.
No haha. Seshus job. We'll get him to do it no problem.
Ahah. Get him to do it soon. We need to prep b4 we shoot..
Sure haha. I'll go see him personally tmr.
Hahahah. Snooty?. Just hasn't texted me back. And i want nachos.
Come to Tess' first?. We're baking. And then I'll come w u. . Oat cakes.
Kk. Ill be there in a bit. Watching jeapordy. Jesus why dont u just eat dirt?.
Lol. Kk. Sup. Pita fresco?.
yea bb.
. 12?.
ya.
I'm here. feng said yes. problem is. that he only has one photo of his face.
Hahah get him to take one?.
hahah seriously?. fuck haha. thats so awkward to ask.
Hes chill.
karim cant film friday. thursday after trivia?.
Too late.
lol. weekend.
Sat then.
When are u done work?.
6.
When to work on stuff?.
8?.
Ball 7?.
U off work. Lets do some shit now. I got off work early..
yeah im at home. where do you want to meet.
Also no ball. Feel horrible. Just come over.
lol. are you sick. i dont want to get sick.
I think so. Lets do this shit tmr..
kk. not coming then. wanna lunch with tess and i?. we're goign to sobeys.
sounds good. when?.
1215.
kk, lemme know when u are out front.
. I'm coming. Sup for lunch.
I brought lunch. Burning 2 much cash.
Great.
Great!.
Guess I'm gonna half to resort to Alvin.
Ye you will "half" to do that.
Don't lecture me on spelling u dyslexic stupid.
Ahaha. I may have dyslexia, but i do know the difference between words. In Canada we speak ENGLISH, no CHINESE!.
Hahahhhaa. Me Chinese me so dumb me stick finger up my bum.
. .
Have you had time to photoshop?.
Imma do it when i get home frm work. Do u have pics of feng?.
im working on one lol. ummm. he wouldnt give me.
What u mean?.
Do you have other pictures of you?Other than your profile picHaha not reallyHaha alrigh.
ahahah kk. we can grab from op 59. are u working on a photoshop rn?.
.
ahahahahahahahahhahah.
cant get fengs head colour. . read paul gattos comment lolol. we also need to write the next scene.
hahahahha what a lil fuck.
hahah credit due where credit is deserved. We need to get those pictures printed yea?.
Yea. We can at my house i think.
You have a colour printer?.
Yea, idk if we have ink. do u have a printer at work?.
Yea but we're gonna print on paper?. Won't that look terrible. Can u ps another couple of pics. And I'll do another one.
kk when i get off work I will do it.
. When am I meeting you dt.
5?.
Kk. Is Chris meeting us.
idk. ask him.
. lolol.
ahahahah.
this is fucking good. So I came to Josh's house. He insisted to go fishing on his kayak. Pretty sure he's stuck downstream now lol.
Ahahahah jesus. How is he stuck?.
Man I went to try and look for him on another kayak. Current so fucking strong. Came back.
Shit. So u cant find him?.
He could just be taking his time. I couldn't see him tho.
How long has he been gone?.
2 hr.
Shit dude. Thats a long ass time....
Should I just wait. This ducking guy.
Idk. Did he say where  he was gonna fish.
He just went with a fishrod. And cast his line in the middle of the St. John river. And then I watched him literally float away. I've been wanting to leave for a while now.
Do u think he is okay?.
Don't know. I'm gonna go in to town. Go to the gym. And then go back in a hour to check on him with tess. And if he's still not back, then we'll see.
If I were U I would look now....
Lol what do I do. What does looking entail haha. This guy is the biggest fucking idiot.
U could take a kayak..
I tried. Current too strong.
Shit man. Hmm.
It'd be nice if he has a phone.
Ya. So its too strong for you to paddle?.
Like I was drifting down. Took me forever to get back up. So I didn't want to get stuck too. Don't even know which side of the river he's on. And there are those islands. So what if I go down one side of island. Can't get back up the other.
Yea. Idk. He may be stranded somewhere....
Wind died down tho. It was really windy before. Less windy now.
Hmm. He has been gone 2 hours?.
Yeah around there. I told this fucker not to go. He said "are you pussy?".
Fucking cock.. Have u told his parents.
No. Don't know their numbers. Also he could just be taking his time. Don't want to scare his parents.
Yea, true, but at the same time. He has been gone a long ass time.
When are you done work?. 5?.
yea. Yo you could bike on the trail and look over the river and see if you can seehim. Did he have a life jacket on?.
You can't see the river on that trail. There are property and trees. They don't own life jackets.
Jesus.....
All he brought with him was a fishing rod. But the St. John river is like 1 meter tall. In that area.
Oh, Thats not bad..
Yeah it's not deep.
Man its been almost 3 hours now..
Naw. It hasn't been that long.
Well when u messaged me u said 2 hour, and that was like 2 hours ago.. * 1.
Like 2.5 hours. Well when I went kayaking with him the other day. We went for 2 hours. So it's not too long.
how far did you guys go?.
Pretty far. Can't really tel on the water.
was it shallow the time?.
Can't tell that either. You can't really see in to the water.
are you still at his place?.
Coming back to get Tess. This will be easier with 2 ppl.
yea.
I don't know what to do by myself.
Hows it going?.
Going back now. Wan to come?.
Sure.. Let me know when u are out front.
Be there in 7.
Have u called his house?.
I don't want to talk to his parents. They will find a way to blame this on me.
shit. kk. Let me know when u are out front.
Kk. Traffi terrible.
kk.
Traffic horrible. Good ness.
Where?.
Waterloo row. Come down.
Whats up 2nite??.
Going to dales surprise party. And then abbey Jack and Rachel wanna do something. When are you free.
All night. Lemme know what up later.
Kkkk. Bought a new bike. It's fukcing sick.
Saw it. Looks dope How much?.
1200. Brand new 2016 model.
Link me the page?.
2017 model. It's like new that it's not even on the website yet. It's like a radical edge exclusive preview.
Shit. Whats the model?.
Trek 1.2 2017. You up?. I'm coming to get my bike.
Yoo. Wait.
What.
Can u bring that speaker.
Lol lemme see.
Kk.
Can you open the garage door.
Kk. U here.
Did u ps those photos?.
Ill do it now.
. So are u gonna be free. At around 7.
ya at 730.
Kk I'll eat with Karim first. U home?.
. .
Lunchie with Alvin u wanna come?.
Chunky's?.
hahah i dont have the coupon.
ahahaha, I DONT FUCKING CARE!.
haha dont wanna go to chunkyssssss.
where then?.
i dont have cash either. dimitris?.
its closed on mondays.
jeeeez. meet you infront of your office at 12.
I don't think I can my boss still isnt here, and I have to meet with him..
when can you.
1230. That good 4 u?.
yep. Here.
Where u at?.
we're going to sobeys if u wanna come.
Im down. What time?.
12.
kk. lemme know when ur here.
kk. i. i'll be there at like 1155.
kk.
I'm here btw. Playing some Pokemon. yo can you find a song. for when he starts walking.
For the title card?. Oh kk.
dunno what to put there. primary editing is completed if u wanna see.
Ye.
find a song tho it'll be great. it needs a song. i dont know what vibes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8UYvbqROdc. Something like the start of thise?.
hahaha shit. this is depressing as fuck. needs a bit more substance i think. something a little more layered. should i use that gta song hahah.
nooooooooooo.
just for humor. Yo you wanna write more tn?. We don't have that much time.
I am busy 2nite. I can tmr tho.
Kk. Dejon?.
.
. Can u ask if u can bring another car?.
sec. Ya, i dont think it can.
Hmm.
nvm]. i can.
Ok great.
My dad was like naw, u can't take the car, it doesnt work.. But we can take the Van.
Great. we are going to dimitris today for lunch. if ur in.
Didnt go 2 work.
y not.
Sick.
with what.
Aids i think.
jesus. get better before friday. this shit is not refundable.
Ya it should be fine.
. Doing vos with Karim at 8. Will u be not sick by then.
ya probs.
Let me know.
We recording at ur place?.
im not sure. i think so. u still sick?. the mic is at my place.
Okay. What time should i head over.
815 i think. karim hasnt texted me back.
Kk ill b there then.
sounds good. u still sick. i dont wanna get sick.
Dont worry. Just nausea. No more coughing.
if u give me stomach flu. im gonna stab u in ur sleep.
I dont have the stomach flu.
k good. Just finished meeting. Sweating the entire time.
How was it??.
It was good actually.
ahahah shit really. What happened?.
Haha he just talked to me. He's on a super tight schedule. Like his secretary knocked right at 930. I don't really think he gives a fuck about me lol. Just for formality.
Ahahqh well thats better than expected. Chunkies.
Haha. Can't today. Going out to lunc w fam.
Lol k.
Yo we should write more today.
Yaaa.
When?.
530?.
Kkkk. Where?.
My place.
I don't want to eat your food.
Y.
Feel bad.
My parents could care less.
I see Pegi cry every time. And spit in my food.
Chunkiess?.
i'll come. but idk if i'll get anything lol. unless they take debit.
haah, yea, they dont..
.
If alvin isn't coming we can go somewhere else.
did u message him.
ya. what time u want to go?.
what did he say.
he yes. "I want to stuff my face with the food of my people! YES!". 1215?.
lol o. ok. yea sure. is al coming?.
yea. he may need a drive?.
my car can only fit me.
ahahaha really/.
lol no. i'll pick him up.
haha kk.
Meet us there?.
ya.
This fucker is making me wait for him.
u gonna be there at 1215.
I've been waiting for this fuck since 1155. He's like wait.
ahahah u were so early.
I thought the plan was 12. Forgot.
ahaha. U there?.
Yeah. Where are you.
take down that fucking post.
Hahahahahaha.
My boss is gonna see that shit.
Haha alright. Gotta admit it's pretty fucking funny.
ahahaha ye.
Can you transfer me that 400?. I'm meeting him today.
sure. what email address.
Rdu@unb.ca. I'm so fucking broke after this. Add on like 16 for the camp ground.
I just sent the $. wasnt the camp ground $30 total?.
Nah it was like 12 each or something.
yea, kk, didnt see that message. Ill send it later.
. write tn?.
Ya. Lunch 2day?.
sure tess too. 12?.
Ye sure..
1210.
kk.
I'm here. I'm in front of joy of framing. When are you done dinner.
7 or 730.
Kkk. I'll start biking soon. U wanna ball at 7?. 8*.
Naw.
so jakob just lectured me on my front porch for an hour. now i want to write. read the script in the morning when u wake up. nvm im falling asleep.
Hahahaha. What was the lecture about ?.
dont even remember.
Lunch?.
sure what time. .
When u want 2 eat?.
I can come get you at 1220. Thoughts on poster?.
sure. Ill talk 2 u about it at lunch.
Here.
Kk.
Joy of framing. Should I make a fb event for this lol.
ahahah na.
really?. where should i put this poster.
ahaha Idk..
i'll just make a fb group. not for the premiere. but just set the date. to aug 24.
Actually ya make the event. make it private tho.
lol. accept. the invite. im going to invite.
who?.
just friends lol. relax. it'll be funny.
kk.
kkk i sent invites to 73 ppl lol. inv more if u want.
ahahah Im good..
hahaha. why u so embarasseddd.
Im not embarrassed, but we havent finished the movie..
hahah we will finish it. no worries. no problem. why did you remove yourself as one of the hosts?. embarassed?.
Extremely.
hahahaha. i think its funny. will give people a good laugh.
where are u guys preing for reggae night?.
not decided yet. will let you know. either matsons. or lukes sisters empty apartment.
oh cool. where does she live?.
that i do not know lol. seshu has been writing.
is it good?.
not bad haha. Karim down to chill at 830 tn btw.
Kk. Whats the deal 4 reggae night?.
Matsons parents.
Kk what time.
845.
Really?.
9. Where u.
Cant get a drive there.. Sall good ill write 2nite.
Man come to reggae night. It'll be a good time.
Ill go nxt week. I cant get a drive.
Kkkkkk. did u write?.
naw fella asleep early. Lunch 2day??.
cant today. Wanna write after work today?.
ya.
Kk sounds good. I'll be over at around 530.
kk.
I fucking woke up in the laundry room this morning.
jesus. Were u drunk?.
Yes lol. I was so confused this morning.
jesus. How much u drink?.
like 8 or 9 drinks i think. not too much.
shit, why were u so fucked?.
dont know lol. i think i was just tired. went for a little lie down in the laundry room after i pissed. and then just passed the fuck out.
U coming 2 triv?.
Yeah 8 right.
Kk. We are there now. Did u tell josh?.
Yea he's coming.
Sweet.
Calm ur titties.
I am 95% sure ur in 8th grade..
U are making me anxious.....
lunch?. yooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
SORRY.
u down?.
yeah. now?.
naw.. wat is best 4 u?.
whenever.
1215. where do u want 2 eat.
im not buying so whereever.
ahahah, kk. pizza twice?.
i dont have car. i ahe bike.
ill sit on ur handle bars..
lol.
bike down, and we will figure it out.. i may get shan lol.
lol. I'm here.
kk.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitewater_slalom.
Thats is not a raft!!!.
Canada #1.
530 dt. if u are eatin?.
Don't think I'm gonna go.
kk.
I'm meeting Chloe lol. Jakob's gf.
Oh shit.. x gf. nows ur chance dude.
Meeting uncle Richard. Uncle Richard will give her the ol one two.
Are ppl going out 2nite?.
Think so but not 100% yet. I will keep u updated. Will is down. And luke is probably down. Text me when triv is over.
Im looking 2 get a little Sippy. so let me know.
Lol yeah I'm down. u up?.
Ye.
how we gonna do this today.
What do u mean?.
where we all meeting?.
Idk. Where are we going to film?.
charge ur camera. im going to market now. u wanna come?.
Its charged. Naw. Imma make lunch at home.
. U wanna text josh Mac?. You done supper?. When are you done today?.
2 or 3 probs.
Karim said 230. Can you then. He only has3 hours.
What are we filming 2day?.
Elevator and car. Did you message Tanya?.
Naw. I dont really know her. Krim knows her best..
Lol. You went out w her. Power couple.
Exactly. Bad blood.
answer my text. man i think we need tanya to be bad. or else it doesnt explain. why swampwater sent them to go see her. lunch?.
Ya. When.
12.
kk. where?. are u.
On Queen. Here.
Kk one sec.
Cmon. I'm gonna leave. man i really wanna film. because. ive edited everything.
When is krim free next?.
he said wed morning.... lol.
Ya cant.
yeah i figured.
When u back frm mtl?.
sunday. we could on sunday night maybe?.
Yea..
and he'll be free after hopefully. did you read what seshu wrote.
He is done elp then.. No i haven't.
you should.
How is it?.
its not bad. its what we were thinking of. he just wrote the last office scene.
Okay cool. We only have 5 more scenes to shoot..
Yeah it's not bad. The only scene that's tricky. Is the last warehouse. One.
Ye.
Swamp water and Veronica is just all dialogue. Easy to shoot. Just go with the script.
Ue. Ye.
I'm messaging Karim now.
Kk.
Did you see my villain scene yet?. karim agreed on sunday night. Sup TNITE. Yo what's up.
Doing work.. U trying 2 go out lol?.
Haha I'm here with the guys. We going to reggae. What work are u doing.
awe, shit. U should have hit me up b4. I would have came.
Fuck man. I forgot. We are at chris'.
McGinn's?.
Yea. Shittt. I feel bad, you wanted to come tn.
naw, I didnt think about it.
What were you doing last night lol. Matson and I were out for a drink, asking you to come.
I was helping chris Study 4 LSATs..
Lol.
Lunch?. ??.
i dont have my car today.
do u wanna bike down?.
im supposed to go get lunch with tess so. i dont know how she would get down.
kk. Is everyone coming 2 triv 2night? ur leaving tmr right?.
yepppp. yes to both. taking a big shit rn.
is alvin going too? So far the taco triv is me and chris. lol. nice dude. make tess eat that big shit 4 lunch.
ok will do. i'll ask.
ask what?.
alvin. if hes oging.
To mtl?.
triv.
oh. I can ask him..
ohhhh.
I just didnt know if he was going to mtl.
ur askin if alvins going to mtl.
ya.
the answer is no. hes not.
'the answer is no'.
this shit im taking. is legit 10 lbs.
ahahhahah. where are u dumping?.
sub.
Clog the toilet. Make Travis clean it out..
yes will do. sub website going live tmr.
I will being a DDOS attack on it tmr....
lol shit.. Can you etransfer that 15.
Ya.
u guys will be there at 745?.
We are leaving at 740.
chris lied.
Ya. What a surprise. Thats scumbag fuck lies through his teeth!. We are here just waiting for u.
Film tn?.
What scene?.
Tanya or Josh's.
Ya im down.
I'll be back at 730. Nvm he karimmed out. Tmr 530.
Kk.
Come to matsons.
Ya cant..
Nice.
.
Send me website.
Not donw. Done. lunch/. ?.
Yeah Tess too.
kk, what time?.
I think around 1215.
kk.
Here.
Kk.
Where u.
Waiting 4 u.
Lunch?. I'm w Matson.
Yea, Im down. What time?.
Around 12 maybe. I'll let you know in like 30 mins. We're going to Killarney lol.
for lunch?.
No gaha. We're going now. To swim.
oh haha, kk.
Where do u wanna go.
What are u and liam thinking?.
I want somewhere with beer lol. And Matson is sayin breakfast.
well those 2 things dont cross over..
Meet at coras. Kk?.
lol im good, ill just get pizza. I cant take a long lunch 2day. Cant talk on the phone. whats up?.
Wanna go to snooty instead.
naw, I cant take a long lunch. its all good.
Nice. Sup rn. Tn*.
I have web site shit. Down tmr night.
:/.
Lol.
Found people. To go out with. Tn.
Proud of you.
I have too many friends. Link me ur website.
Lunch?.
sure. 1215?.
sounds good.
Come down.
kk one sec.
In front of clay Cafe.
Kk. When we filming?.
Coming now.
kk. lunch?.
Playing badminton through lunch haha.
lol kk.
. Mhmm. not filming today.
Hey thanks for the heads up buddy!.
. im editing. 8?.
Ya.
Lunch at 1215?.
my boss is taking me out 2 lunch, cant go out 2day.
Ohhh u see. Lin Dan lost.
ahahah shit. le chung way won?.
He advances to finals. Lin Dan playing for bronze. Sup tn.
Got 2 work.
. Film at 4?.
Kk.
Seahus office scene. Can you write the rest of the screenplay?.
Ill write it 2night.
Cool. Did you check that group chat?.
Let me know when ur ready to get going?.
I don't think we can film that tn. Do you want to just meet at my new apt. We'll film all the scraps on one day.
Kk sounds good! What time?.
815. 830 actually.
Kk. Whats the address?.
Lol. It's ur fucking car.
Ya i know. I realised after u left.
Open the apartment door.
lunch?.
Mahdi not replying so prob not. Save some money.
First time i have seen u make a responsible financial decision!  good work buddy!.
I feel like this is patronizing.
not at all buddy!!!.
Are you upset?.
I am crying at my desk!!!.
We can talk about this instead of being passive aggressive you know.
Hey, no problem over here buddy!!!.
We don't have enough criminals for tonight.
how many do we have?.
We have Chris. Tess. Mahdi.
Tangs?.
They can't until 8.
fuck.
Chris has to leave then.
yea. we could film his shit.
Ur little bro?. We need everyone there for those establishing shots tho.
hmm true. What about tmr night?.
I don't wanna reschedule. I can ask but.
could we get liam.
That means we shoot the scraps tn. Liam has work until 9.
k. we will shoot the kidnapping scene.
I'll ask them if they are free. Did you write?.
and me and karims.
Those scenes before the warehouse scene.
maybe we should skip those.
You think?. Kk.
yea. it will be fine.
I think we should shoot them. Or else it climaxes too fast.
naw. it will be fine.
I don't think so man. It will go from Tanya's scene. Straight to guns and warehouse.
well it starts with us talking 2 j mac, and then we chase him in..
Alright. Meet at my house 645 tn. Bring ur bro.
Chris?.
Yea. For the kidnapping.
lol kk. wait.
What.
shoundn't it be the tangs. cuz we show him with the tangs.
Maybe they switched cars idk. Because we can't get the tangs til 8. Don't forget karims shit.
man so many inconsistencies.
Do you have a solution?.
We could push the release. or shoot a scene of the transfer.
I don't think this inconsistency is bad. Because double Dutch has many henchmen. Maybe they just delivered it to him. I mean they're all going to end up in the warehouse. So it'll make sense.
are u going to be in the car. that does the kidnapping.
I think we should not show me. Because that scene with the tangs has that reveal when I turn around.
yea.
I think this should just be a fast kidnapping scene.
kk then it will be fine.
Yoooo I think we're good tn.
What u mean?.
Chris can film till whenever.
$wag.
We can do everything tn. Don't forget Chris lutes.
My bro cant come.
Fuck. Why. He has no friends.
He says he is studying.
Balance between work and play is essential.
Very wise, Tell him that. Where and when we meeting?.
My house come now.
Kk. Lunch 2day? 11:45 me u krim and mhadi.
Yeppp.
Karim needs to be picked up. So does Mahdi lol.
. I've talking to them.
kk sg.
Where r u eating.
idk. where u want 2 go?.
Dimitris?.
sure. Let me u know when u guys get there.
Are we meeting at dimitris.
ya. but ur getting krim. and mahdi tho. i can walk tehre. there.
Yeah we're 2 mins away. Where the hell are you. We're hungry.
Where are u. On the patio.
Inside the restaurant.
Kk.
Sayin tn?. Jliu dt chill. You coming to reggae tn?.
Ill come pre. Any maybe go. Are we filming 2nite.
Lol Mahdia pissed at you.
Are we.
Tmr.
kk, when is pre?. Also did u make the trailer.
Pre 930. And no. Where u.
Omw.
What did they all say?. Tangs agreed.
chris cant till 7. that good?.
We don't need him.
kk. jmac can at 530.
We meeting at y?.
Yes. 530.
so screening at 8 tn?.
sire. sure.
where?.
UNB?.
kkkk. do you wanna post lol?.
Naw. I thought it was just ppl who worked on the film.
i was going to post it in the group lol.
ahahah.
Lunch?.
naw, i have lunch with my co-workers 2day.
screening 8pm singer 361.
Dope.
Tess is sayin no trivia and screening instead.
kk sure.
Maybe 730 then.
kk.
this is going to be tight. tight as in a time crunch.
How is coming?.
its almost done. still need to patch up audio. and colour correct.
haha. Man u thrive under pressure!.
I'm freakin out!!!!.
ahahaahaah.
need an epic song. for that jumping scene.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWd-lxVTsFc.
Kkkk. Meet me there at 714. ?.
Ya kk.
yo do any of ur bikes at home have one of those racks that go on on top of the wheel.
what?.
http://www.electric-bicycles-for-sale.com/images/electric-wheel-models-1400-1500-ew-1500-rear-rack.jpg. one of these.
oh. naw. y.
fuck. kk.
u starting a delivery service?.
lol no. matson and i are biking to grand manan.
Oh thats sweet. When u going?.
Tmr morning.
Oh shit thats sweet. How long will it take u to bike there?.
5 hours probably. . Liam Matson trying to sell a book for $30 but he bought for 8.50.
Ahahnaha he left the fucking tag on..
. .
ahahsha, roasted so hard.
Hahaha fucking idiot. Sup brother.
Hey man. .
Hahahahaha. Is that Mahdi.
yee.
Is he fucked.
One keg deep.
Lol. U guys got a keg.
Naw Mahdi drank it b4 he got here.
Nice.
What is century?.
100 shots of beer in 100 mins.
AHAHAH chris man. How many liters is that?.
Like 10 beers.
Ahahaha damn dude.. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153711963397493&set=a.428387737492.229191.635357492&type=3&theater.
Jesus. You guys get any days off Remembrance Day?.
Naw quebec h8s vetrans.
Hmm right. Was thinking of going up to mtl and Kingston that weekend.
Ahaha. In three days?.
Remembrance Day haha.
Damn dude ur gonna spend most of ur time traveling.
We get 2 days off.
Oh shit. Thats sweet..
Yeah so I might drop by on nov 10 or something. Stay for a night or two. Then bus to Kingston and stay for a night or 2. Flights are pretty cheap now too.
Dope. How much are flight?.
350 round trip atm.
Damn thats cheap as hell! Yea dude. Come up. What is happening at queens?.
Not much is hapenning haha just want to see my friends. Could I crash at ur place Thursday night?.
Yea sure thing man.. Are u gonna cab to kingston?.
Lol no. Bus. kk i booked.
Dope. Hows life on ur own btw?.
pretty good. very poor. lost 10 lbs.
ahahahahah, why are u poor?.
hhaha idk. rent. no money saved up. = eating a lot of cereal. and bread.
ahah, shitty. Man, pulll an abbey, get ur parents to open a credit card 4 u.
hahaha does she have that?.
ahahyea, where do u think she gets her money frm?.
lol bad part is that shes not going to make any money either later in life.
ahaha, man once you mentioned that u were gonna apply to the job for the NB Pension Plan or what ever, and you said that the starting slary was 100K, and she said to me "Damn, I am not gonna be making that amount till im in my late 20's".
hahah what world is she living in. i honestly hope to god.
Graphic Design are EXTREMELY sought after.
that she does not think like that. or that her life is on that track. she must know. that artists starve.
http://www.payscale.com/research/CA/Job=Graphic_Designer/Salary. 41 k median.
thats for the people who actually manage to get a graphic designer job. she better hopes she marries rich.
I dont think that will happen..
she fucked. hows ur classes.
Pretty shit tbh. I am taking Calc 3, its so boring, and first year physics. My Comp classes are good, same with my econ class. Wbu?.
lol nice. im taking too many classes. too late to drop so im gonna have to grind it out.
What are they?.
but theyre chill. real analysis. complex analysis. number theory. stats. econometrics. intro finance. corp finance. 7 courses.
ahah, damn thats a shit tone. Wtf is analysis. I always hear ppl talk about it.
its just like once you've moved beyond learning calculus. calc is a tool for learning real and complex analysis which is just a bunch of theories. and proofs. one course focuses on the real numbers. and another course on the complex plane.
Ahahah, is it good? Sounds kinda fucked..
yeah real analysis is prob my hardest course. too abstract for me.
Yea, sounds like it. How are the business classes?.
easy af. barely a degree. like high school all over again. you should look at the business students schedules.
no class friday there too?.
yep lol. liam and chris think they have it so fuckin tough too. its ridiculous.
ahaha, man business ppl who complain are so fucking out of touch. Rachel complains about how hard her work is.. Liams life is getting easier tho. heard he broke up with tanya.
dont think that actually hapenned. its fucked. tanya told me they broke up. liam didnt say a word. they still hanging out pretty sure.
Lol. Do u think she is lying?.
no i think they broke up. and then got back together. liam didnt say a word about it.
oh shit. When did she tell u they broke up?.
i see that guy everyday. way more than i see tanya.
Also not surprised he didnt tell you.
she told me last friday. just texted me out of nowhere.
He is a pretty closed off guy.
hes talked about his relationship before. when drunk. anyway. they will break up for sure soon. its just a matter of time.
Idk man. we said that last summer too.
they hang out like once a week. so they're barely going out.
yea, thats true..
liam does whatever he wants. and tanyas upset that he doesnt hang out with her. so then at the end of the day, tanya is really the one who is worked up about it. and i dont give a shit about tanya so.
hahaha, yea, she is really fucked up. Jack was telling me that she lied to him all summer long.
hahah yeah she is preema sarkar v2. whats up with these indians eh.
You're telling me!. Have u guys been going to triva since i left?.
nope haha. havent seen much of chris either.
Yea, he was studying surprisingly hard for his LSAT. and then he left for ontario..
nice. alright dude i gotta sleep. have 830 tmr. night.
ahah kk, peace.
.
Carefree, b4 hitting chris wagners car..
little do people know, aprox. 15 mins after this seemingly carefree video, we would be committing the class E felony of hitting wagners car..
Ahahahhahahahahaha.
you werent a fan of my comment..
I have an image to maintain. U should be used to this censoring... considering where ur frm....
Hahahaha.
http://www.cs.unb.ca/people/ken. THis fuckin guy....
Hahahaah holy fuck. I'm gonna report this guy. Who does he think he is. Sup tn.
Dont u have hype shit.
Don't really want to go tbh. Got very drunk ln. Went robed at 4. Bed.
Oh shit. Yea idk what happening tonight I assumed u were going to hype so i was gonna study..
Do you have lots of work to do?.
Naw not really that much..
I would much rather go to a bar or something. Maybe hit up maw dawg.
Ahahhah fucking mahdi.. Yea i be down.
Rachel will be disappointed in me haha.
I dont think so.
But I'm not feeling like gettting lit w a bunch of randoms tn ya feel.
Ye idk why u were gonna do it tbh... hype week is douche as fuck.
I would consider doing it, if I didn't feel shitty. And I have a weekend of drinking at queens. Also today is a sad day.
Yy.
Mainly v sad for ma boi Obama.
Ahahah. Man though u would be happy 4 trump.. Considering the fact that you are a proud young conservative..
Hahaha trump is not a conservative. Trump is a huge bigot with no care or knowledge in true conservative values.
Ahahah. Well you maybe all of those things. He is also a winner.. When u get in tonight.
Around 7 your time. Prob 730 once I get into the city. Will u b at ur place or somewhere else?.
yea, ill be home then].
Ok u know how much cab is?. From airport?.
lol 40.
Holy shit.
there is a 10 dollar bus tho. and it gets u pretty close.
Ok I'll look into that. What's ur address again.
3557 Aylmer.
. Mahdi's coming tn.
Dopee.
Mahdi's picking me up. What a guy.
Ahahha shit.. Good guy mahdi..
I will forever be in debt. To Mahdi. Sup.
In class.
Wanna get lunch w josh?.
Yea sure. Ill be back home at like 12.
Mkkkk.
http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/queens-university-students-held-a-party-and-the-theme-was-racism?utm_source=vicefbca&utm_campaign=Canada.
yep i know haha.
is this the theme of ur TEDx event?.
racism?. lol this was a queens comm sponsored event.
Really?!.
hosted by this queens comm party planning committee. called "all year social". its a queens commerce society funded group.
ahahaha, shit. Idk how ppl wouldn't see this going poorly.
queens is quite elitist haha. groupthink at its finest here.
. who wrote this?.
Karim lol.
Ahhaha. Yo Alex Colpits got married...
Uhhhhh. To who?.
https://www.facebook.com/brittanyacolpitts?fref=ts.
Holy shit. I would not take the colpitts name. It's been tarnished. By Alex. Ur gonna h8 me. Check snap.
Holy fuck hahahagHa. How much?.
Hahaha you don't even want to know.
Ahahhaah..
You can't say you didn't see it coming. yo wanna stay in a yurt at fundy for a night at xmas w the bois.
yea, What nite?.
talking w will about it rn. maybe 2nd.
yea, i can do anytime in the new year. I am gonna in from the 27th - 30th. * 28th - 31th.
hahah i cant read that you dyslexic fuck. ur gone from 28th to 31st?.
ahaha yea.
hahah kk sounds good.
is it open in the winter?. man u just wanna test ur goose out in the elements.
hhahahaha. hold on i'll show u. they look pretty dope. it is open during winter. theres a wood stove. https://monctonoutdoorenthusiasts.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/img_3521.jpg. https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t31.0-8/s960x960/15419651_1482499265111390_3604850574769242015_o.jpg?oh=c799397fa3ba284a13e2d80d23554ff5&oe=58AF6E17.
thats fucking sick. how many ppl fit in there?.
i think its like a bunk. and then a pull out. but we can bring air mattress and shit.
yea. sounds dope..
sweeettt. Hey buddy watchu sayin. You missed a call from Richard..
eyy. whats up?. wanna chill?.
Yaaaa bro. U home rn?.
yee.
I'll be there in an hour!. Or so.
lol kk.
Omw. Sup.
Not going 2 triv. We are coming out tho.
Ok sickkkk. When.
When should I?.
9.
Kk. Imma be a little l8.
. Going out and about w Karim today if u wanna join.
Im at the randalls.
Ooooo. Going skiing tmr if u wanna join.
Lol i have plans. Good luck and god bless.
Haha ok.
Wait when will u be bal. Back.
Around 6ish probs. Sup?.
I can go. What time are you heading out.
Around 10ish. Josh Liu is coming too.
Is it open tmr?.
Yep.
Kk ye i can go. As long as we get back b4 7 30ish..
We'll be back before.
Kk dopeeee.
I'm meeting josh 10 at sub. Can u get a drive there?. Or do I have to pick u up.
Naw. I can meet u there..
Kk chill.
R u renting?.
Nope.
Kk. Sounds good..
I can fit 2 pairs in my car no problem. Josh is renting.
Ye. Kk.. lol nvm again i cant go. my cousins and aunt is comming tmr afternoon. not tomorrow night..
Lol you are sending me on a roller coaster of emotions here.
When should i come over?.
Never. Supppp.
Nm. Chill 2nite?.
Yea wanna play catan or something?.
Ye im down.
Coooolll.
Where when?.
9?. I'll let you know where.
Lol kk.
Haha I don't know where yet. Tess'. 830 actually. Nvm 9.
Sounds good!. See you there.
Bring Chris too.
Kk.
Sup.
About to leave.
Sup?.
Just at home.
Imma come in 30 kk?!.
Lol kk.
League???.
Yee. Did u download it yet on ur comp?.
Dong it rn.
Lol kk sg.
Sup brew. Wanna hang w Karim.
ye. i have 2 get my passport renew then i can chill.
Cool. U free at 230?.
yup.
Karim and I are sayin cellar for late lunch?.
dope c u there.
. Wanna play league.
I have to go run errands. Yo, u picked the speakers 4 TEDX yet?.
Last Speaker session tonight!.
How are the student speakers?.
Hahaa they are good. Seshu is Speaker for us tonight.
Heard he is just doing the monologue from operation 59 2....
Oh no.... Thanks for the comment lol. Very constructive.
Hey man! No problem!.
Sup march break?.
Im coming back on the 23rd or 24th of feb.
Oh sweet!!. For a week?.
yea, ill prob leave the 5th of march.
Sickkk.
https://soundcloud.com/liam-farnworth-551164758/spicy-nicey. Listen to this fucking song. its raining lard..
Hahaha fuck. Excited to listen to it.
Herb is running for prez?! Thought he didn't want to?.
He's been convinced hahah. Works well in my favour.
How so?. Also did u convince him. Is he ur pupet?.
Hahaha not at all. I did convince him tho.
How does it help u?.
Staying relevant for a year. I'm gonna try to pull something big. Hahha not everything helps me Daniel!!. Just doing a friend a favour!!.
How are you doing him a favour. Also what big thing are u gonna pull?.
All of his campaign materials I designed. Even his platform. It'll be good.
Ahaha. How did you design his platform. Are u his campaign manager?.
Unofficially I guess. Kellyanne Conway.
Also is ur big thing supukuing on the last day of frosh???.
Yeah that's it!!!. This has all amounted that point.
Hahaha. Wow well i cant see i didn't see it coming. Are u still planning on running next year.
Maybe we will see.
Man a true politician here. Please run under the platform of the conservative party of NB.
Nate Wallace.
Wtf is that guys deal man?.
He thinks he's a big time politician. He seems to think there's a political spectrum in student politics. . These are fucking everywhere.
Ahaha this guy was such a fuck in high school. Is he gonna win?.
no way. 10 people going on his event lolol. https://www.facebook.com/events/195254357619936/. its sad.
ahahha, who is he running agaist.
nick bransfield hahaha. and this guy named eke kalu. eke is a good guy.
hahahah holy shit]. eke, is he the pizza guy.
yep. hes 17 now.
is eke gonna win?.
probably.
imma message nat wallace the night of the election and tell him about the bylaw thing.
hahahaha. he goes by nate now. name change. im confused.
ahaha Nathaniel is a horrible name. Who is chris McGinn running againstm.
Caroline mercier.
Is he going to win?.
It's gonna be tight. Caroline is more popular but more hate. Chris is less popular but more love.
Who is she. Whats her deal?.
Lesbian proctor. Ran against herb last year and lost. Crazy. Said a bunch of false shit about herb. Vowed to never run again. And here we are.
Ahahahah she vowed?.
Yes lol.
Ahahshhs. To who? God?.
Allah yea. I said if Chris loses he should do a pig roast outside her office.
Ajahahaha. Fuck man. Imma be in town during elections. Imma fucking destroy her campaign!.
Good!!. The video chat ended.Duration: 14 minutes. .
Id tap tbh.
"Im gonna chop ur dick off!".
Uh oh!.
"bernie".
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/kelly-lamrock-charge-licence-suspended-1.3983656. LOCK HIM UP!.
Loooooolll. When are youcoming back?.
Wednesday night.
Nice. Let's get butt fucked blitzed!!.
eyyyy.
Nate pulled my trick on eke and it worked.
Ahhahahahha shit. Howd he know to do it?.
No idea hahah. Fucking bastard.
Ahahahah. Is he going to win now?.
No haha. Luckily there are still 3 people. One of them is nick bransfield.
Ahahah jesus that's a shallow fucking pool. Who is the other person?.
Her name is madi banks.
Is she gonna win?.
Hopefully. We are trying to smear Nate now lol.
hahahah, how are u gonna do that?.
Just watch haha.
ahahah. Jesus. are u gonna murder him?.
You back???. dude don't ignore. Imma stab u.
I just awoke.
Sickkkkkk.
What up?.
Having a littl lunchie rn. Sup tn?.
Nothing.
Chill?.
Ye ye.
Coooollll I'll be free after 8.
.
Wanna go to th cellar?.
Yeee.
Wanna meet me at the sub?. Or do you need a drive?.
I can drive. What time?.
I'll ask my roommates.
Kk.
930?.
Ye suree. Should i just go over 2 ur place. Or meet u guys there.
meet us here. i'll be here at least.
Kk.
sup today homie.
nm just working on an assignment.
hardworker look at this guy.
Whats up 2night.
down for anything. Sup. Wanna chill w Liam.
Sure. Still need 2 eat. Should i just  come over 2 ur place.
Yeah we're out rn. Let me know when you're ready. And I'll let you know where we are.
Kk.
Sup.
Ill be down at 900. Where u at.
Meet at our place?.
Kk.
Cool.
U wanna go 2 the musical 2nite?. W/ me + Krim.
What time?.
700.
How long is it hahaha.
Lol idk.
Haha be down to do something after.
Kk.
wanna come to app night w me tn?. at the cellar?. Everyone has middies.
Naw i cant i have 2 work on an assignment.
Gaaaaayyyyy. Bro Karim and I are going at 8ish. You should come. Today is so chill for me.
Naw mann. Cant do it. Man, is that paul gatto asking the questions in the TED talk vid u just put out..
Hahahahaha wtf. No man!!!.
It sounds exactly like him!.
Hahahaha it's a guy named Ian smith. Sup tn. I think tess wants to hang.
yea man sure thing. sounds good.
How about tmr night actually?.
ye sure.
Kkkkkkk. sup tn tho.
nothing. im down 4 whatever.
cool. get a drink somewhere?.
ye.
Cool. 9ish?.
sure. Yo. Whats up?.
At the ballroom.
Tf is that?.
In th sub. Can you help out with a math competition tmr at 10?.
In the morning?.
Each. Yeah.
Yea sure. What do i have 2 do?.
I'll explain haha. You coming?.
Coming where the sub. Where u want drinks.
Cellar is cool.
Is it wing nite tho.
Yeah I think so.
Its gonna be busy no?.
Can you come here first?. I can run your through the deets.
Sure. Meet in ur office? Ill be there in 15.
Kkkkk. I'm at the sub ballroom rn.
Where u at?.
Ballroom. You?.
Where is that?.
Upstairs. Where are you.
What up 2nite?.
Hang out w tess?.
Yeye what time?.
i think after 830?.
Kk. Idk i i can go. Dave has the car tonight.
I can drive if you want.
Eyyy. Ye mam.
I'll come over soon. After I finish this assignment.
Kk sg. what up?. when should I come over?.
Anytim.
kk. Man. I love u man.. Man when in it comes 2 mh i look up to u a lot interms of progress..
You as well man.
U the best man..
You a good guy. Best friend. All the best. You'll be okay hahha. Just a lil fucked up.
Man having someone go through panic attacks b4 me helps so much man.. Man. Don't mean to harsh ur vibe man.. Just  happy to have u as a friend.
All good man, I feel ya 100%. Happened to me so many times before. You okay?.
Ye man my lil bro is taking care of me. S'all good man. Just happy to call you a friend.
Good good. Happy to call you a friend as well.
. Haha! My man.
Hahahaha dan, hope you are well man.
Hahahahahaha. Ye man.
Did you go to the hospital hahaha.
Lol i dont think so.
Haha Dave said he took you there.
Lol i guess I did then hahaha..
Sick haha.
Yo i left my coat at ur place. U seen it?.
yea its in my room lol.
Dope.. Yo u at home?. Dave is gonna stop by in 15mins to pick up my jacket..
Yep sure.
Kk thx. How long untill joli starts wearing a burka?.
Gold digger bitch. Bro did you stick a bunch of coins on my wall.
Play pranks!.
lol. Sup tmr nite.
when u guys getting here?.
6. I think.
kk, im busy until 9ish. but after that im free. what are u guys thinking?.
Tokyo lol.
holy fuck.
Hahaha. Thoughts?.
absolutely FUCKED!.
You joining?.
no fucking way.
Hahaha cmon mannnnn. Yooo chill if I park in the back of your place?.
Ye. I told liam u guys could..
. You gonna be home?.
At what time.
Around 430.
Kk. I have 2 go some where at 5 tho.
Ikkkkkkkk. U home?. Richard called you.Duration: 1 minute. Sup today.
im busy all day. but I can chill later tonight after my meeting.. what u guys doin tonight?.
Not too sure.
haha. kk lemme know what up..
Yeee. Peel pub come.
Kk.
Suh.
Yoo.
Sup.
too cold out. Staying in 2nite. When u leave 2morrow.
9 haha.
Oh shit.
Yoooo can you do me a favour?.
Lol wut.
I forgot my jacket at the hostel. Do you mind going to grab it. I'll pay for your uber haha.
Lol wtf  how much was it worth?.
A lot. 200. Helly Hansen. The guy has it at the front desk.
Once i have it what do i do?.
Just hold on to it.
Ahahhah.
Hahaa cool?. Or you can mail it. I'll pay for that too.
K can i do this tmr..
Yea man. Thanks.
Ye dude np.
1040 Mackay st. Much appreciated!!!.
Kk. Ill just walk over tmr. Dont worry abt an uber.
Thanks brooooo. yoooo did you get around to doing that?.
Ye man picked it up today.
thanks man.
Ill mail it tmr. How much do u want to spend on shipping. I have no idea how expensive it will be..
i dont care. just normal parcel is chill. i'll pay you back.
kk, Whats ur full address.
yoooooo you coming home?.
naw not till the end of summer.
what are the others sayin?.
jack is home 4 2 mnths. idk if josh knows where he is gonna live..
joshie. smelch?.
she is gonna live in toronto. lol she doesnt have a job there tho..
haha wut. cool cool. are abbey and cassidy in the same boat?.
i dont think that they have jobs. But yea they are gonna be in toronto this summer. When do you start work?.
I got marketing manager so I have to start may 25. I get a week off. Hbu?.
may 1. yo wtf, i didn't know that you were applying for that. Did Ali not want the job?.
yeah she was ineligible.
oh shit. y.
shes going away to bhutan. for rc trip. this generated a lot of hate lol. i got some h8ers on ma back. just gotta shake em off ya know. dont fuq w ma geddup bro.
jesus. I hope that u run the student union into the ground with a United Airlines esque PR disaster.. Who are ur haters?.
hahaha. big daddy toz. grayson kinda. ali kinda. vaishi. vaishu. who applied for the job lol.
Why Ali?.
idk she didnt want me to get the job for some reason. helped vaishu w interview questions. probably scared i'll show her up or some shit.
Wow. interesting. Are ppl mad that u have that job and the oweek job?.
Probably. Doesn't matter tho. I'll show them up w results.
Ye. Well just don't get assassinated.
I need to protection. I'll use my 4K marketing budget to hire bodyguards.
Ahahahha.. Wear a bullet proof vest over ur clothes every day..
Hahaha ye. Yo when's ur last zam.
24th..
Wot r u gonna do for a week. Move shit in?.
yea, basically. I need 2 clean my apt for when DHe moves in. And then i go to toronto on the 27th..
nice. who u living with?.
some random dude frm u of t. I found the apt online. Hopefully he isn't the craigslist killer..
good lcuk. how much u paying?.
670. Not too bad 4 toronto.
im going to mcmaster for a conference in mid may. may be able to drop by toronto depending on when they booked my tickets for.
yea dude that would be dope. Whats the conference for?.
shinerama. im bens +1.
ahahahaha. Is that fucking guy divorced yet?.
hahahah. i'll be trying to home crash all summer, you can take my fucking word.
ahahahah.
Hopefully she hasn't deleted her account on christian mingle hahaha.
lololol.
Hey do you still have that jacket of mine by any chance?.
Yea. I forgot 2 mail it. Imma send it back w/ josh.
Kkkk sick. When's he coming back.
27th.
He coming forever?.
Yea. He didnt find a job..
Ooo gotcha.
Yo, I met a girl who knows u. Linda Du.
Hahaha queens girl yea?. The reason I know her is because her last name is du.
Yea, did u know her well. She seems like a bit of a fuck.
Haha I think I've met her twice. We chatted just because last name.
ah lol. Hows the Student Union going? Are u doing both jobs at the same time?.
Yeah hahah. It's going well. How's your job?. Yoooo sup next weekend.
Just chilling. U coming to town?.
Yeah I want to. No one will be home I kinda wanna get out.
where is everyone?.
I have a goal of doing something every weekend lol. Chris and Luke are going to rob Demerchant's camp I think.
dope, u gonna fly?.
Yeee. Can I crash somewhere do u think.
Yea u could crash at my place i think. Ill talk 2 my roomie abt it.
Cool cool. I'll look into flights tn! Let me know. I'll see if josh wants to come too.
kk dopppppe. I doubt jliu will want to spend the $$.
He just bought a 1000 keyboard.
like piano?.
Yea haha. Yoooo sup.
Hey mann. Ur good 2 stay at my place i talked to my roomie.
Cool cool. I'll look into flights.
dope.
yoooo im booking ticks. Actually wait. Maybe not. I'm gonna book for weekend of the 16th it's like half price. Is that chill?.
Ye sure.
Ok booking!!.
Dopee.
Booked arriving 830pm on Friday 16th.
sweet and sexy!.
Sup bro.
Hey man.. Sip sip.
Just arrived. What u up to ?. Yooooo sup man.
yooo.
Sup broooo. You coming back to Fred?.
Yea, i get back on the 30th and leave on the 9th. When is orientation?.
Niceeee. Orientation is sept 2-9. But RedShirt training starts on 30th. So you're coming exactly during oweek hahaha.
ahhaahah.
Yoooo tess just got to Toronto yesterday.
oh shit. Where is she living?.
Sauga for now until she moves into airbnb.
lol is she living in an air bnb for the whole year?.
Hahah nah she's moving into an apartment in late sept. When do you get in on the 30th?.
im not really sure, prob like mid afternoon.
U flying?.
naw. I finish work on the 25, then im going to northern NB for a couple of days w/ my family, then I am going to Fred..
Hmu when you're around!.
yea man, of course!. .
Hahaha I saw. 🤘. So cooooollll 🤘.
I think my dad used the same emoji when I was born...
Hahahaha.
Yo r u moving out of 237?.
nope!. maybe moving to the other side tho.
Yo, you gonna be around this thursday for trivia??.
Hahah no way.
Lol kk.
Haha when are you back again?.
Wednesday.
tomorrow. what time?.
Yeaa. Prob 8. Yo what up.
In training rn. Wanna drop by the sub at like 530?.
Cant, I have a family dinner 2nite. What u doing later tongiht?. Trivvv?.
Sup tmr dude.
Ey whats up.
Come to campus dude!!!!.
Hows big O going?.
Good!!!. Come to UNB dude.
I dont want u 2 haze me.
Sup dude.
I was asleep.
Suuuuuup. I'm heading over rn.
Kk. Sup 2nit.
is holden suing amar hahaha.
Ye man!. Lol.
hahhaha why.
Cuz amar didn't pay his rent for half the summer..
shit. is he ignoring?.
Idk if he knows he is trying to get amars adress so he can notify him of the law suit..
shit hahahaha.
Yea its pretty funny. Did Chris talk to you?.
yea hahaha. is holden pissed?.
Ahah, i think he just wants his money..
hahaha fair.
U tell chris his adress?.
I don’t know what it is. But I know where he lives.
Hahaha.
Yooooo I’m coming to mtl.
Ayy. When?.
thursday dawwgg.
Oh shit. Is it just u?.
Haha broooo. I have 4 more ppl too. Could we crash?.
Yea. Idk if everyone can get a couch.. But if ppl dont mind sleeping on the floor.. Then ye.
Hahaha ok sweet. 2 girls and 2 dudes.
Lol. Who.
Julia horncastle, maddie Gorman-Adam. Gorman-asal. Drew Robart. And Carson Matchett.
Hahaha r these ur disciples?.
Hahah just good friends bro. Disciples fuck off hahaha.
How long u gonna stay for?.
Just 1 night.
Oh are u driving somewhere?.
To Kingston!.
Oh ahaha.
Hahaha yeeeeee. Yoooo we arriving tmr at like 11!.
In the morning. ?. Or night.
Night.
Kk. Make sure ur ppl bring blankets and shit cuz we dont have any.
Hahaha yeeee. Thanks food. Dood. Sup.
At home. Whats ur eta?.
3 hours haha.
Lol kk.
Cheers bro.
Hahahah fuck off.
Hahahah cheers buddy!!!.
Hey, man, safe travels!.
Yo do u mind if I crash again this weekend?.
Ye sure. Where u going this time?.
Hahah I just wanna come chill with y’all.
Oh. Lol nice. U coming by urself?.
Yeeee. I may drive.
Cool. Yea man. Lmk.
yoooo im coming w chris tmr.
niceee. when u guys coming?.
leaving at 8:30 on the morning. so unsure. late afternoon prob. Sup tn bro.
idk, what u wanna do.
Down for whatever dude. I heard you’re free at 830 or so?.
yea, hopefully before that. Are u guys gonna eat on the road. If not we can get dinner.
Yeah I’d be down. Nope we can hold off. Also my buddy Grayson is tagging along. Do u remember him?.
Yea, the red head.
Yeeeeee. Let’s get din.
Ye kk.
How do I get in. You missed a call from Richard.. When r u done dude. Chillin w Mahdi at ur place.
Fucking mahdi.
Hahaha. Chris hates him.
He actually showed up.
Why. Wut*.
That fucker keeps on canceling plans.
Hahaha when are you coming?.
830 dude.
Still down for food?.
Yee.
Fuck yeaaaaa.
Yo this meeting is going late.... And my phones gonna die..
Haha how late.
Idk. How hungry are u guys?.
Idk not too bad. Haven’t had dinner. Hbu?.
You guys can go and ill meet up with u later.
Ok cool. How are you going to meet up with us if you’re phone out of batt.
Ill goo home and charge.
Ok cool. Do you know when you’ll be or no idea?.
Like probably 9. Or 930.
Hahahah ok. We’re going to the main.
Lol kk. Sg.
I’m now a meat eater.
You always were..
Just got to the main!.
yo. im on my way to the main now.
Sup.
foodie?.
Yeee. Where u.
my place.
Be back in 30 or so.
kk sg. yo bitch.
Almost there.
lets take ur car.
left my watch at ur house.
Where did u leave it?.
By the tv I think.
Kk. Ill take a look when i get home.
Thanks.
Yea its here.
Hey bud.
Hey.
Sup bud. You're the guy in front of Molson right.
Haha yeah, I guess but there are alot ppl out front of molson.. But yeah I remember we talked 3 weeks ago.
Haha yeah buuudd.. So what's up.
Doing homework. Wbu?.
So late! Turn up!!!.
Ahaha. Isnt it raining out?.
#yolo.
Words to live by!.
Yyyeeeeeeeeehhhh!. Wait can I ask you a question? Haha.
Ahhah k.
Lol are you bi.
Haha nope.
Hi, i'm the next subleter for the apartment 2 on 3557 Alymer. I'm wondering if you will be around on Tuesday around 4pm to show me the place?.
. Okay sounds good!.
great, Tuesday 4pm then. =) thanks a lot.
No problem! :). Hey. In my head when you said Tuesday i thought you meant monday. I am not going to be around tmr at 4 because I have to go to my brothers graduation at 3.. I am not really going to be around tomorrow because I have to do things all day. Sorry. Try talking a to Rachel to set things up..
Hey.
 THIS IS SO BAD ASS.
I know. I know. I don't know where to start, though, probably making some lab equipment..
how???.
Directions in the front of the book, and I may know a glassblower..
Takes to much time, just cup the chemicals in your hands?.
Yup, definitely going to use my hands when dealing with acids and bases.
That what Einstein did!.
Thanks for the matches, they're about step 3 in my rocket making process. Once they're done I'll send you some results..
Sounds good!.
Just found out the ratio for my payload's components is 1/1. I'm pumped, this is going to make production easy and cheap..
Where did you get the plans for this rocket?.
Some of them are my design, mostly inspired by some crap I read years ago and just general knowledge of rocketry. the rest are things I got from Mr. Cull, who used to run the rocketry club. also, the internet is a great resource..
Sound like it will be bad ass, then again you could end up with a pipe bomb... which also would be pretty sweet..
Indeed. I'm planning to stand well back..
ahah.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2193732/President-Nixon-The-moving-speech-delivered-Apollo-11-astronauts-return.html.
thanks`.
S'all good, homie. Haps. ps I'm at SSMU for a hackathon, if you wanna say hi I'll be here all day.
oh dope! Ye i'll swing by. What floor are u on?.
2nd right now. In a tech talk at cHacks. McHacks*.
oh cool. Ill come by after the talk. It ends at like 400ish right?.
Talk just ended actually.
kk. Ill be over there in a lil bit. Are u in the caf area?.
I'll be in the student lounge most likely. Gerts now. and student lounge again. Toronto boyz.
yoo. are u living in toronto this summer?.
Hey.
 Hey Ryan Thank you, and great job on your  farewell speech, as welll as your SIX awards! Amazing job, also, just out of curiousity when are you leaving for your summer camp?Daniel :D.
Thanks! I'm leaving on July 8th, flying SJ to Pearson..
Oh, well I hope you enjoy your CISV experance :D hope you have a great time!.
"experance"? But yes, I think it'll be a lot of fun..
** Experience. Sorry, spelling is not exactly my forte! :D.
hi :D.
hey man i cant talk. ill talk later.
okay... hey.
Hry. Hey.
how are you?. are you still bold?.
Hahahaha, not any moree :P its almost back to normail ;) how about you?.
okay xD good :p. im good :p just got an a+ in a math test today... you know the usual :p.
hahaha, nice. So whats new in denmark?.
nothing. nothing is new in denmark. everything is old xD.
\Hahah, canada is not much better....
oh well :p thats just the way it is :p. do you know the band saybia?.
No, who are they?.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PRW1Ymjnaw&ob=av2n. listen.
what kind of music?.
uhm.. rock/pop. but more rock.. i think xD its hard to tell.
hhahaha are they good???.
indeed. i love them :D. are you listening to the link i sent you?.
i lidtened to the second you sleep... not a fan LOL!.
rly? xD. come on xD.
hahahah, man listen to vampire weekend!.
hahahah wow xD. thats... weird xD.
hahahha i gtg. \ see ya.
okay bye xD'. hey.
Hey.
hows life?.
Same old shit... you?. just depressing man.... Fuck another guy is on my fb....
depressing?. not cool.
Ive... been experimenting with a lot of drugs... trying to get out of this funk... but.. idk.
i hate that. lol. xD.
btw dan i cant find your file. Fuck me.... my friend has my other competer and he is typeing. **typing.
that sucks xD.
lol jk, i have split personalitys!. LOL, yeah. so i see that Memes have made it to denmark?. Fuck off josh!. Josh is the name of the other personality. fyi.
xD. hi josh.
hi there!.
how are you?.
Well, our good friend Daniel got on my facebook and messed around so now Im doing the same :) So Im pretty good!.
haha yea good job. Herro.
U asian?.
Nooo. how are you? ^^.
well we finished school yesterday, so goood. you?.
thats nice. chilling studying for my last examns. our school dont stop until friday next week.
haaha, so you are "studying"?.
noo its late. im checking memebase.
ahaha whats it on?.
what?.
the exam.
ah, its on physics. my least favorite subject.
ahhaah, I dont think I have ever meet some one who enjoys physics....
i know someone ^^ he is a geek though.
ahah doesn't count! So what u going to do this summmer?.
We are going to south england ^^. gonna be awesome. and next year we are coming to canada i think :P. how about you?.
I going to france, are u going to be in england during the oylimps?. Olympics.
noo a few weeks before it. its gonna be so crowded. we just wanna stay as far away as possible. Where in france are you going? :).
ahahha, I dont blame you. I am going to France on july 5th.
do you speak french?.
Nope :/ haha but it for CISV so we will be speaking english...
it is? :D. thats cool. are you going with someone from the old crew?.
ahah, no I am actually going by my selfXD.
xD thats cool xD. Forever alone much ;).
ahahah you have no Idea... :'( ahajk and you said you were coming to canada?.
i am :). next summer :). well. actually we are going to america, but we are going to take a trip across the border and visit you guys :).
No way, thats sweet, when are u coming?.
uhm... xD good question ^^. i'll find out before next summer ;).
ahaha, that cool, so what new with you?.
Well nothing special.. i've gotten more arrogant since i was in canada :P What about you? :).
ahaha nothing to great... just happy it is summer :).
you have such a long summer... its still spring and raining in denmark... :0.
hahah today was 32....
Fahrenheit? ;o.
lol Celsius. i gtg eat supper, good luck on ur exam.
cya daniel :). and thanks. Heyo.
oh hia.
school is finally out for us too :D. i've never felt so alive lol.
Haah, youshould feel dead.
no :P. i can always feel dead when im in school :P.
ahaha true.
but i cant be outside for the next days though.
why?.
i fell asleep in the sun :P so now my back is red like a lobster, and my front is pale like a ghost. i look stupided :P.
lol i gtg.
Hey.
 hey i am going to prauge this summer too :D :D :D.
Hi Daniel, you are from canada, right? I'm so excited to this camp!.
haha yeah, i am really excited too, is this your first CISV trip???.
no, i have been in CISV since 2008, i did 2 summer camps here in Brazil, and one interchenge in Detroit. what about you?.
how so this will be your 3rd summer camp?!?! wow, i did a village in usa and an intechange to denmark :D.
yes! ohh, really nice, can you tell me who are the other people from canada that will go to prague?.
yeah, i havnt meet my delegation yet, but i know 2 out of the 3, here u go :Dhttp://www.facebook.com/lammy.matsonhttp://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1069965490.
thank you! do you want to know who is going from brazil?.
haha i have already added them :D do u have all the americans?.
ah ok! no, i just have cristian and amanda, but i know that Lizzie Smith and Luke Latchford will be there!.
haha, have u talked to Cristian much yet?.
yes, he send me an email 3 days ago but he just added me on facebook yesterday.. he is really nice, and you? have talked with cristian, amanda, rafael..?.
I have only talked to cristian, and amanda a little bit :D i havnt talked to rafael yet :P.
so, i forgot to ask you, where from canada are you?.
i live on the east coast i live like 3 hours away from the atlantic ocean, what about you??.
i live on Bahia, Salvador, its a city near the atlantic ocean too, i love the beaches here..
hahaha, we have beach too. but they are really cold :P.
hahaa, i know.. I went in Toronto and Niagra falls, i really loved this places, they are very beautiful.
oh yeah, did u go when u where on your interchange?.
yes, my host family traveled there in our family week, detroit is really close to toronto...
yeah, i wish i lived in Toronto, where i live is small and boring our population is 50,000 :P what is the size of your city?.
it is not to bad, our camp will be in a city with 5,000 habitants but it is really close to prague, haha. Salvador is a big city, we have more than 1,000,000 habitants.
thats big!, so what do you know about the camp???.
i know that will be 9 states.. thats all i know! haha, and you? im waiting for the pre camp 2.
haha yeah, thats all i know two :P im am waiting for pre camp 2 aswell :p i get to meet my deligation for the first time tomorrow :P.
i was at the mini camp this weekend, thats why i lingered to answer. ohh nice! how was the meeting with your delegation?. hey, did you see the pre camp 2? :).
Hey! No we have not seen it yet have you???.
wow daniel lutes we got to own every body on soccer today sept 2009. i can here you go on the creepy online dude.
???. haha ya!!.
yah  do you have msn tell me your email so that i can add  you mine is  james_fredrick96@hotmail.com. goverment and lawegyptafter egyp was absorbed into the roman empire,greekcontinued as the language of govermentalso acient egyp was divided into 42 provinces called nomes. each of these local ares was governered by an official called a nomarcb.the acient egyptians did not look upon the law as a specialized are separate from their govermen. demonstrate an awaremness of alexander's exploits and understanding of the role played by alexander the great as an agent of cross cultural fertilization. can you explain that.
How did alexander promote cultural difusion. It was bound to happpen when he ruled the world.\].
thanks men. .
What????.
yes.
Can i have them??.
yup do you want all 8?.
Yes please :).
briefly describe the Punic wars and their significance to rome. 
Briefly describe the difference between polytheistic and monotheistic societies using examples from Greece, rome and the middle ages.
Using the image given to you describe why it is or is not typical of renaissance art.
Recount one of the wars of the Greeks which you feel is the most significant: Trojan, Persian, Peloponnesian.
Discuss what you believe the greatest legacy of rome is using specific examples
Explain the importance of the army in roman society and why the army was so successful
Explain the problems martin luther had with the way the roman catholic church was being run and what he did about it.
Create a diagram of the feudal pyramid and describe each persons role in the feudal system..
Thank you soooo much!.
Hey.
 Is that the equivalent to like a javadoc site?.
I don't think so, but I'm not familiar with javadoc. it's similar. the first site is an excellent and short reference. the second is aptly named the complete reference. so...
Okay sweet, yeah I have kinda been jumping around with languages, I started with C++ then Java then AS3, but i really like C++, are you doing computer Science next year?.
No, I wouldn't learn anything. On a related note I think c++ is actually super fun, and I don'T at all think pointers are awful man traps. so do you want to partner for the competition?.
No I cant go... :( but do plan on going next year, I wish I had know about it before like yesterday....
ikr. I hate the school for this bs. I was never told about the exam to skip a year in math, there were two math competitions I could have done, and now this. rhjetrjyetyj. tyjwry. etyuk.
It kills me, i was so excited to hear about it, and suprised to see other programmers our age. Do you know what Alex or daniel he does?.
I was just talking to Daniel. sasy he can't go. I don't have aLex on fb.
well they said that you can preform solo if you wanted to....
I know. but I want toi at least try to din a partner before applying. *find.
ahha yeah, does seshu do any programing\?.
no. and apperantly no one else does either. I'm gonna ask the CS teacher about her students tmr. then apply based on that.
Yeah, i know the 11 graders do BASIC, and 12th does JAVA... Im am doing 12 next year bescause I heard basic sucks.
well. i wouldn't know. but it looks really simple. not worth wasting an elective.
Yea, what electives did you take?.
Math fnd 110. English 112. Precalc. Chem 111. Phys 11. *111. um. Powertrain and chassis. Music (instr). I think that's it.
Are you doing chem or phys in french.
they weren't offered lvl 1 in french. so I was forced to take them in english. but I took jistory in french.
did u take lvl1 history in french?.
no. lvl 2. I didn't take eng or history in lvl 1. too much work for nothing.
hahah, so  do u plan on doing CS in University?.
absolutely. my goal is to make an OS. I have made one before, but it didn'T do anything except beep unitl the machine was foribly turned off.
lol, are you interested in any apple stuff, like apps?.
well. I have a love/hate thing with apple.
hahah being?.
they brought unix to the uneducated public. but they have double standards. everywhere. for example. they said "no fart apps". but the app store manager. made and maintins a really disgusting one. not only that. I hate OS X. I can hardly use it. no customization at all.
Do you have a mac.
my mom had one. I use linux actually. best OS ever.
Really....
hard to tell, huh.
becasue its open source?.
well. that and it's blazingly fast. and has way better software management. foe example. on windoze. you go online and look for an installer. in linux. the community makes programs that go through a screening commitee. and then they're uploaded to a big repopsitory. I don't search online for programs. and all the programs are upadted all at once. check ou this website:. http://ubuntu.com/apps.
do u like all the updates at the same time??.
this shows all the applications you find in the "app store" on ubuntu. yes. a little inwodw pops up every now and then. and says stufff like. system updates: 3. software updates :17. optional: 8.
404 page not found/.
I just hit update and enter my password. oh. hold on. Corno sent you a private messageSubject: Re : Lyrics "Wow, what a nice surprise!!!the same songIt is summer and it’s truethat the sky is blue for youI won’t cry and I won’t begI won’t lie, I won’t let you go awaywithout feeling my underground heartno, i won’t let you go awaywithout beatin’ with my underground heartCall meendlesslywith a name you like to know meWe feel freeas long as wesing the same songthe same songYou come closerring the bellit’s your face, my loving graceYou won’t cryand you won’t begyou won’t lie, you won’t let me close the doorwithout feeling your underground heartNo, you won’t let me close the door without beatin’ with your underground heartCall meendlesslywith a name you like to know meWe feel freeas long as wesing the same songthe same song(You can not expect a break here - cause this song is for lovers - for the good ones with a good heart)". whoops. https://apps.ubuntu.com/cat/.
lol wut].
sorry. https://apps.ubuntu.com/cat/. didn't clear my clipboard. when I open up the software center. it looks like the app store. except over 99% is free. go on youtube and search for videos of ubuntu usage. I'm using the most recent. 12.04, IO tihnk.
Can you get the normal adobe applications?.
well. that all depends. a lot of companies don'T make their sofwatre for linux bc not many people use it compared to apple and windoze. Adobe and itunes aren'T available. but a lot of games are. again, you can see it all on that site I linked. and you can actually installe a program that can run windows apps. it'S called wine. I use it to run portal 2. but itunes doesn'T work with it.
well i do hate Itunes.....
ikr. unforunatle for me. I have the ipod the open source community didn'T figure out how to uplaod music to yet. So I'm still waiting for one of the open source programs to have compatibility for it. then I can erase windwos completely.
I also hate how apple have their own video file type, as soon as there was a VLC they took it down....
I know.
That kills me, i feel like Apple is very caught up "Image" and lacks in most other fields.....
if you'Re interested. I have my ubuntu CD. You can try ubuntu without changing anything on your computer. I'll give it to you at school. EXACTLY. I'VE BEEN TRYING TO PHRASE IT FOR YEARS. but ubuntu. well. there are different types of linux. ubuntu is the most popular. it focuses more on image than the others. but it also keeps up with the other fields. it looks really cool. actually. I haven't had a single problem since I strated using linux. it works fine with my hardware. no bugs. if i'm not trying the experimentla stuff.
what kind of processor do u have.
intel core i3. and I can run iuntense fps. no problem. never had alg.
laptop?.
yes.
HP?.
no. Acer. but techinically. gateway. my motherboard was changed awhile back.
Yeah, I have HP with a i3 and its awful....
dude. you will be so impressed with linux on it. no lag at all. I've never had anything take more than a quarter of a second to laod. it'S crazy. right now. I have about twelve different programs open. No lag.
shit, how can I get it?.
well. there are inctruction at ubuntu.com. and I can give you my installation disk. I won'T need it again. I can give you somegood tips too. for example.
Will i have to give up any of my programs...?.
no. not even. which windows are you using.
7.
okay. do you have admin priviliges. basically, if you want to keep windows but also have ubuntu, you have to separate your hard disk into partitions.
what do you mean? Of my own laptop....
I've been through all this before. well. your hard disk is separated into sectins. not physically. just in the way your computer writes to it. these sections are called partitins. if you click the start button. right click on my computer. hit manage. then go down to disk management. you'll see what I eman. you should have a big C: block, a 100mb system reserved block, and an HP FACTORY_IOMAGE kind of thing. if you want to install ubuntu properly, you have to create a new block for it by making the c: block smaller and creating a new one. it's pretty complicated.
I have a 103 mb hp_tools.
but I'd be glad to help. it's worth the trouble. okay. but do you see what I mean tho. your hard disk is in partitions.
waht is  HP FACTORY_IOMAGE ?.
what I suggest. well. when windows stops working.
yeah i see it now.
some manufacturers. have a recovery partitrion. that they use to restory your computer to the original state. what I suggest. actually. And we can go to the tech lab. why don'T you meet me at lunch tomorow. and I'll show you. I can actually install it to my USB and use that.
That would be sweet!.
alright. where do you want to met.
Library.
okay. Do you want me to go straight there or are you eating lunch first.
how long does it take?.
depends. I have two versions of ubuntu. and older one which I customized. and i'll bring my CD. which has the newer version.
does 12 45 work?.
anyway. the CD is really slow tho. I'll get that all ready for tomorrow. I'm actually gonna go to bed now. I've been sleeping late recently. 12:45 is good. but I won'T have time for the CD. do you want me to isntall the new c=version on my USB.
If it wouldnt be too much trouble.
it's not. I can get it ready in about 10 minutes. anwyay. I'll see you tomorrow then.
Awesome! see ya.
Ok. Your not on.
Hey Mahdi, i am going to montreal in november, we should hang!.
hey.
Hey. hi.
can you leave the hotel.
no, i dont think so..
where is the hotel.
I have have no clue.
how can we meet than.
come to the hotel..
that would be extremely boring. are you the staff.
No, its like a meeting thing... so ill have free time...
so i'll pick you up from the hotel.
Just come to the hotel!.
fuck you. but fine. go on skype.
ahhaha, dude i am on.
do my survey. right now. takes  2 sc.
whweere is itÉ.
facebook news feed. posted an about 10 min. get are people to do it. math project.
did it.
hard eh!.
2 hours....
take your time.
lol.
by the way are you coming to montreal.
ii dont think so,  i am going to be like an hour away skiing.
where.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mont-Tremblant,_Quebec.
Hey.
hi..
We should do something.
Of coarse, when are u going to be here?.
Wednesday or Thursday.
till when.
Monday. Late sunday.
I am leaving for toronto on Friday..
For what. We should watch the avengers. So what's the plan.
I am going for CISV,.
Again. Meeting.
Its kinda the same thing.
We can watch the avenger on Thursday. Wait can i come to school.
Yeah, at lunch.
Because i have nothing else to do all day. Other than going to my sister gradations.
whens that?.
Thursday morning.
So you come wensdat.
Sure but not sure yet when will i get there.
Yeah, are u going to be missing school?.
2 days. No school Mon or Fri.
ahaha why>.
Ped day. Some meeting.
I am going to bed, ill talk to you tmr about what we will do.
Oh is it past your bedtime.
Fuck off!.
Im:-( so sorry. Wish you good dreams. Not.
ahahah. are u coing to school tmr?. Where Are you?. are u in montreal or iran?.
i'm in iran, but going to montreal in 2 days.
i am ging to be there from saturday to monday, wanna hang out?.
I don't know I'm way to tired.
lets hang out on monday then..
We have to go to la Ronde today. Call me 514 6313906. Where are you. hey. when you are coming to montreal again. may?.
I just back yesterday, I was only up for one day..
daniel u creeper. just pressing like.
ffffffffffffff, i going to Montreal in nov.
fuck awesome, but i dont give ashit. mr ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff.
ahahahaha. MRfffffff.
it wasnt funny.
Hows CGEP.
no seriously. fantastic. start 11:30 on mondays.
Really?. Oh thats sweet.
finish at 12 on friday.
Thats sweet! What are you taking in it?.
science. do i look like i can write or read.
ahaaahhahah, Where do u want to go for uni? McGill.
most likely. u?. applying this year.
YEa, this year. I want to Economics and Computer Sci. What are u going to take in sci?.
double major now ur talking. university.
Gotta make the money..
or cegep.
yea. in uni.
applying for med and engineering.
MEd strait from CEGEP.
yeah body. its only 4 years after cegep. so ur 24 and a doctor.
Thats awesome, think you will get in?.
nooo. i dont know. depends how these two years go.
Is it easy? or harder than high.
its like uni. its not like going to school. u go to clas. u leave. can u skype tonight.
Maybe, I am working on a physics lab... Optics, have u done optics yet?.
im doing physic lab too. on projectiles. and did optics last year.
like lenes and shit?.
yeah. focal point. virtual. real. i did it in grade 5. and grade 11.
hahahah. fuck y are u ahead so muchhh\?.
because when i graduated in grade 11. i can go to unb. grade 11= grad 12.
ahahah oh shit. should have done that.
noooo. are u doing cal. 1.
ya nxt semester. Whem do u have it?.
now. i have physics chem cal and. gym sociology. english. humanities. 7 classes.
u have gym ahahaha.
u need it to graduate. 2 gym 2 french.
When are u doing the french then?.
there is 4 semester.
Holy fuck thats alot.
thats why u can go straight to med school.
Oh, that gonna be so much work mammm.
u have a better suggestion.
Rob a bank.
ur a bad influence. im gonna have to stop being friends with u. do u know when in nov ur coming like a weekend or what. Hey are u done yet. how ddi that physics lab go. When are you coming Montreal.
Good question. I think remeberance day weekend another weekend in November as well..
Wow. Two times.
hah yes. But I may not be allowed to go one of the weekends. But for sure I'll be there once.
By the way. Are u guys making a movie.
Ahaha yea. Its going alot better than operation 59..
Whats it about.
I am a dog who turns into a human. Its just a short one..
What. The fuck. Who came up with the script. R u coming this weekened bitch.
Yeah dud.
Oh finaly. Decided to answer. I can meet in friday afternoon. I dont have any classes. Will u be here by then?.
No. I'll be there Saturday afternoon, till the Tuesday.
Ok. Well there is saturday night I guess.
kk sweeet.
Can u text me or something. And what do u wanno do.
I have no idea. We can just hang out.
Ok. Are u staying at a hotel. Downtown. Why are u coming anyways.
No I'm staying at my brothers. I am going up just to visit him..
wait is he still in resident or moved to mcgills ghetto.
Ghettp. Ghetto.
what. oh nevermind. so ill meet u there actually. because i kinda wanno see the place.
Aha kk.
did u apply for mcgiill. or unb all the way.
McGill, U of T, Waterloo. No UNB... I cant get in....
Common it wouldnt hurt if u try u never know. Text me 4388280096. For tmr.
Kk.
Kk too. How r u getting here bus?. When do u get here because. Im free in the morning.
I won't be there till late afternoon.
How to late. Here yet.
I got here.
Ok when. So should i cone down now.
Idk. My brother is taking me out for supper at 8 till late..
Oh.
So can u hang tmr.
Really. Like when. Around 4-5 tmre. I mean i can make by 6. Tonight. Up to u.
Let hang tmr. Thats only like 2 hours tonight..
Kk. Ill messege u when i leave. Tmr. So when are u free today.
We are going to supper on cresant. Come with us and then we are going to a movie. Later tonight.
What movie. Because i was just at the theatre friday. Anything except granpa.
Its called 12 years a slave.
Oh i wanted to watch that one. Perfect. So ill come around 5:39. Where should i come.
Idk when. I'll ask my brother.
I mean its close to guy-concordia station. Thats where i would be. So?.
Meet us at Boustan at like 630.
Lebanese. Really?.
Yeah dude it so goood.
I know is just. I have all the time󾌳. But ok. Ill be there. Can u text me because i dont wanno use my 3g.
Kk.
Send me one so i have ur #. Did you ever get my Skype messege.
Naw.. Message  me on fb. I dont use skype.
Ya I know , but for some reason I chose Skype the other day. 😕. Ur moving in?.
Ye. Im in mtl now. But im leaving tmr. Then i come back on the 30th..
Kk. Well I was talking Karim , we'll hang out tonight.
Nice.
Are u using the metro.
Im not coming pizza. But im coming after.
What's Josh lui #. your free for a sec.
Yea What up?.
nvrmind had prograaming question asked josh. . OK GOT IT.
lol. I just recently got in a business, and i'm looking for sharp people who might be interested in increasing their cash flow. Do you know anyone that might be interested in this sort of opportunity?.
.
aAHAHHAHAHHHHAHA]. Wake ur ass up!. Were gettiing lunch. 11:45.
.
kk.
Coming out tonight. U little bitch. U wanna answer.
Oh yo.
Still didn't answer the fucking question.
Ya. Im going to come!.
Finally. U free tonight?.
Naw not tonight.
Wow u answered.
Yea. I have my phone with me.
Yoo. Are u down to go to Plattsburgh for black Friday next week?.
I have a midterm Friday. ...
Damm. Fuck school man.
haha yea, i should drop out.
Daaaaa. Dude when are u going back?.
The morning of the 21st y?.
Ahh dam. I wanted to hangout before u left. But my last exam is on the 21.
Shitty. I down 2 hang out when i get back. When do u start classes?.
Like the 9th. Did u leave town yet?.
Yea im near quebec city now lol.
Lol. Yo. U free this weekend.
Ye on sunday i am. Y.
Oh. Just cause we haven't hungout. In a while.
Yea. Come into the city and we can chill!.
But isn't it ur birthday on Saturday.
Ye. I dont think i am gonna do anything for it though.
:-( :-(. Happy birthday man.
Thanks man!!!.
Yo. Do u still have plans for new York during spring break.
Naw. I am going back to Fredericton.
woooooow. dude.
Ahava. What also what are u doing this weekend?.
nothing. my break starts next week. u have midterms.
Oh shit. Yea i have 2 this week u should come over this weekend.
sure man. ill let u know.
kk dope.
When are u done school today.
not till 9ish, that when i am done w/ meetings.
Shit.
are u around this weekend?.
Ya man.
If you are free come over tmr or Sunday.
Tmr for sure.
Dope. Yo when u coming over?.
Ya Dude I fell asleep. Sorry. I'll drop by tmr.
I cant tmr i made plans!.
Fuck. Oh well. Maybe sometime during the week.
Ye sure. I leave Wednesday  tho.
That's soon. Ya i don't have school all week. U leaving Wed morning?.
naw, i am leaving in the afternoon at 3.
Yo are u home tmr. Like I can come anyday. Anytime.
Naw i am have class then i have work at night. I am free all Tuesday though.. Actually i have a meeting at 130 on tues. We should get dinner tuesday night.
. Sounds gpod.
Dope!.
Yo what time are you planning to get food. Cause I work until 7. Totally forgot.
lol. thats fine. we usually dont eat till later in the day. Just come after ur done work.
You gonna make it.
Ahahha ye I'm sitting at the gate right now.
That was quick.
yea, it took like 5 mins to get into security..
U got class tmr?.
naw. i dont. wanna chill?. I have a meeting at 530. tho.
Ya I've got one class in the morning. I'll come around noon.
kk sounds good. Yo. Come around 1ish. Im gonna be out for a bit.
Yoo. Do whatever u have tp. I don't think I'm gonna be there before 5 Cause I just woke up.
Ahahahah. I have a meeting at 530.
Ya are free after ur meeting. Like 7-8 ish.
The meeting goes 2 like 9. But i have plans tonight..
Oh shit. What kinda meeting is it lol.
Editorial board meeting at the McGill news paper. They always take sooo fucking long.
Haha. Ya I'm probably gonna go to out TN till 10ish , then I'll reach.
Kk ill let u know whats up.
. I don't I'll come.
What?.
To ur pla. Place. It's too late.
Okay. That's fine.
U free today. Like 5-6 ish.
Naw. I have an assignment i am working on..
. Yo u free tmr. Or Meeting at 5 again.
yo. just seeing this now. I can. i cant. hangout. I have an assignment due.
Ya it's that point of the semester. Where u have so much shit. When do u finish anyways.
11th is last class 24th last exam. Wbu?.
13th class. 1st exam. Yo when do u leave for Toronto.
Tmrr.
Daam. Not even going to Freddy. ?.
Nam man. I start work on Monday.
U found a place. ?.
Ahah yea. Pretty cheap 2, only 670 a month. What are u doing this summer?.
Shit. Dt?. I'm doing the MCAT ,so studying and going to Thailand for a while.
Oh shit thats dope. How long are u going 2 thialand?.
40 days man.
Holy fuck. Ahahah thats so long.
Ya I know. Half of its volunteering. Tho.
Oh thats dope.
It's like good for my CV and shit.
Yea that makes sense. Also seems like it would be fun..
Ya I'm gonna put an end to poverty in Thailand.
Ajajahahhahahahahah. You are the missing puzzle piece. As soon as you get there poverty will be solved.
Yes a Persian who lived in Freddy is what they need. Ya but I might hit Vietnam and Cambodia.
U gonna solve poverty there too?.
Nah, my expertise are only good for Thailand. I might come to Toronto to visit before I leave. Anyways I got two exams tmr. Peace out.
Ye man u should come visit. Night. Hood luck tmr.
Yo I might come to Toronto this weekend. U free ?.
Ye. Let me know where u are in town.
When or where. Do u live DT ?.
Naw. I live at 221 munro.
Yo,  I was planning to come with my parents but they might go till another few weeks. Not. Do u have room at ur place , like I'll sleep on ur couch. Let me know quick cause I wanna get on the bus tmr.
Naw man I am just renting a single room.
Daaam. No wonder it's so cheap. I'm like 675 in Toronto. . Bro when are u back in town?.
sept 9th. u back in mtl yet?.
Oh ya. A while now. Doesn't school start the 5th.
yea, im missing the first week. I finish work on the 25th, and I wanna spend some time in New Brunswick before school.
I see. Back in town yet. Haven't seen you in a while.
I just got back tonight. Wanna get dinner tmr night?.
Probably. I'm still moving in some stuff. What time are u thinking?.
Did u move out of ur house??. Uhh 6?.
Ya, i live near Atwater.
Oh dope.
U guys can come check out my place if u want.
Yee sure!.
Alright I'll let u know.
Kk.
Hey man. I can't tonight. Can u tomorrow night?.
I cant tmr. Tuesday?.
Sure.
Yo wanna go see 'it' tmr at scotia bank theatre?.
Yessssss. How about the Atwater theater. Right beside my place.
Yea sure.
Just come to my place. We'll go form there. From.
Kk sounds good.
1187 hope street. U can come whenever. I'm home already.
Me and josh dont finish till 530.
Alright.
Whar times is the movie playing?.
6:45. 9:45. So I'm thinking the 9:45.
Yea sounds good. yo we will be over at like 7ish.
Alright. What r u up to tn?.
I have plannss.
. U down for a movie tn.
Naw i cant. I have a shit ton of assignments....
Lol. Hey. If ur done school early tmr. U should come to the Octoberfest. At Atwater.
I have a programming competition from 5 to 9.
Shiiit. U busy tn?. Like Ari 8-9.
yea, I have 2 assignment due at midnight.
On a Saturday. Who does that.
haha both my profs..
Down to chill tn?.
Im going to the states 2nite.
New Hampshire.
Yea.
U free tn.
naw, i have to work at the paper every friday night.
How late?.
Just got back, but im kinda tired. Wanna chill nxt weekend?.
No no. Just curious. I'm dead too. Ya sure. Or even tmr it so. Sunday.
what?.
I'm saying if ur free tmr or Sunday.
naw, I cant this weekend. I have an assignment due monday.
.
Chill tmr afternoon?.
Ya man, I'm probably going out tonight if u wanna reach. But I'm good for tmr too.
Naw. Cant 2nite, i have an assignment due at midnight.. Kk nice. Yea. When u wanna come over tmr.
I dunno whenever.
Kk. I have 2 be somewhere at 730. Just 2 let u know.
Alright. I'll com around 2-3.
Ye kk.
Yo u wanna go eat somewhere.
I already atee.
Alright. Yo man I actually Can't make it td. If ur free tmr.
Naw. I cant tmr.
Alright sometime next week I guess.
Kk sg.
U free anytime during the week?.
me and josh have a project proposal due at the end of the week. so naw.
Alright. So r we finally hanging this weekend?.
Yea man. Richard is coming to town this weekend..
Oh sick. When friday?. Yo come to my place friday night if u guys down.
Im not sure. Lets do Saturday.
Alright. U still have ur soldering iro. Iron.
Hahah ye y?.
I need to solder smth.
Lol. Kk. Yo richard is coming nxt weekend not this weekend.
Alright. But do u still wanna hangout?.
Ye.
Saturday?.
Ye sure.
U have Any specific time on mind ?.
Uh come over at 1?.
Ight. Can't make it tmr.
Kk.
U free tonight.
Naw..
Ok Richard's at ur door btw.
Ahahaha.. Yea he got in. Did h3 ask u for the password?.
Ya. I didn't ni. Know.
Yea, idk if that thing works anyway..
Hey.
 HAhaha, we have to start hashing inreal life.
#reallife #realtalk #letsdoit. wait u said hashing.... hahahahhaha.
ahahah fuck, what ever..
So hash it is?. #letshash.
#HashItOut #HashKing.
#hashingonhash. #songsabouthash.
hey alicia, what record are u getting rachel..
hey!! I am not sure yet but I know abbey got her the new AM one and she already has the newest Vampire Weekend one, so I am going to get one of the older albums!!. and Rachel doesn't know that Abbey got her the new AM one I don't think!!.
Lol I got her the AM one tooo.... ahhhh.
ahhh shit. can you return it?.
I bought it online. I think she is gonna return it....
shoot.
Hey did u write the test today in bio?.
Hey sorry I did!!! it was extremely easy!! :) like honestly if you have just looked over your notes you should probably be fine!. and just know which phases occur when and the diagrams.
Alright.  Thanks! !!!.
no problem!! it was honestly our easiest test yet, so you will be fine!!.
Hey do u still want that yoga pass?.
Hey sorry, Richard gave me his yesterday :) thank you though!!.
Lol kk.
Hey Daniel!! Would Kendall be able to use the free pass? We can pick it up at your house.
Sure!.
Thank you!.
Just  go over tonight  around 6.
Hey.
 Hey Julia What time do we need to be at SBTF and when do we  to leave?.
Read the infopacks, sillllllllyyyyyyy! SHEESH you have to be ON SITE at 5pm friday and you can leave after 12pm monday. it takes about an hour to get to/from the airport, so factor that in..
INFOPACKS!?!.
yeah ... dow sent them out. the second one was this past weekend. i know mia got it, and you're on the list, so you shoulda got it, too. and chris daley got it, too! so did crystal. so ask around. it's called "JB Canada SBTF Info Pack #2" it's like a pre-camp.
I have it, thanks :).
well, geeze! the CAPS was a lil much then, hey? :p.
lolz. Hey AGM was, interesting... we didn't have elections because the Co Chairs wanted to move them to September because no one handed in nomination forms..
and all 4 LJRs are cool with that?. when are you planning your sbtf presentation?. also, you're really cool. and you should know..
Hah, Um well Mia wasn't there, and they didnt really talk to me, so now we dont know when we should do the SBTF presentation because we want to do it with our new board..
opps yeah I will :P.
hahha thanks a ton!.
No problem.
hey where di u send it???. **did.
I did infact send it last night.
where???.
To you email.
which one?.
I just hit reply.
ah crap, man i didnt get it!!! :(  try resending it!.
Ahh I will.
hahah k thanks a bunch!.
No problem.
man are u moving to india???.
Yeah.
what the shit??? when did u find that out???.
Ealier today.
are u, excited?.
Yeah but unhappy at the same time.
ah man!!! that is soo crazy! why are u moving?.
My dad's sabatical.
wow, i hane to say that this is the craziest shit...when are u moving?.
Monday.
so u will be going to Indian school???.
I geuss?.
give me a call at 4595294 :D.
Sure.
hey man can u send me ur application agian, like pronto, at daniel_lutes@hotmail.com, hank man, i need it like asap~!.
Will do as soon as possible.
kk thanks man! i need it by like tuesday!.
thanksss. daniel daniel danield andirlandielandiel so i asked mia to ask you and shana asked you too apparently but would you go to prom with me. i have car and everythingggg will you please please please all your friends are going.
I would love to :).
yay i love you. not the loving way. but the other way around.
Hhaha, So who is in the car?.
i dont know we could go with jack and shana. or mia and richard. or conor and someone whoever he is going. your choice.
Lets go with mia and richard! (Ill be the only non-Asian, but thats cool).
mia and richard is going with bunch of other ap calculus ppl. but they have space. possibly asian but can be white.
ahah, cool. So do you want my tie to match your dress or anything?.
if you want to then sure but i dont really see a point.... anyway. about the car. everyone took over mia and richar'ds car. so your options is now conor. are you okay?.
ahah What do you mean am I okay, like with going with Connor?.
yes, i know you are friend with him. right?.
Yea, I am. Also Richard said that Tom and Sneha might not be going in their car anymore..
oh really?? okay tell richard to let me know. i'm okay with anything hahaha.
Yeah okay. Who would drive if we went with Connor?.
the person next door has sport car and he said he will drive. or if no one candrive then i can ask my mom. or drive it myself hahaha. you can wave to ppl.
hahaah, you drive and me and connor will be in the trunk..
or we can go green for prom and ride on my dog.
We can fit! #BestDawgEva.
you sit on her head i sit on her back.
It will tip over, its head is like 75% of its body.... I called 'it' an 'it' because I dont know if it is a boy or girl... Why brownie.. whats wrong with jack or sally.
i dont like human name on dog. it's girl. you see if i named my dog daniel. then i would be like daniel paw. and wouldn't it be awkward for you?.
hahaah why is the last name 'Paw'?.
no it's not her last name, paw as an order.
ahah Oh, but what about that one guy named brownie... how do you think he feels... :'(.
i have never heard of guy named brownie. that's dessert name stop being disrespectful to food.
Exactly! You say Brownie paw, is sounds like you want chocolate for hands....
well anyway i'm making this perfect plan to kick tom and wj out from richard's car.
What is the plan?.
tom and sneha can go with yoon and tess. wj and emily with amanda and glen. now we will have three azn female and three grade 11 on car.
Ahah, lets just go with Yoon!!! He hates me so much!.
REALLY???. YESSSS and i dont know tess!!. perfect!. no srsly does he actually hate you?.
It is a match made heaven! And ya, well I think so. Richard said he gets mad easily so every time I see him in Mr. Reads room I talk to him about plans we have that I made up, like: "Still going to practice after school" or "Still on for the movies  tonight?" and he gives me a super dirty look..
do you even know him...?. hahahaha he's asian. all asians hate white people. oops the truth revealed jk. anyway im going to bed.. good kid should go to bed b4 12.
Night!.
hey daniel when are you going to buy your ticket?. i bought mine today.
oh shit yea, can I buy a ticket if i am in 11th grade.
hahahah jk i bought the ticket already. you dont have to buy iy hahaha.
Okay sweet, how much was it?.
no you dont have to pay.
I insist..
treats on meeee.
Oh you are such a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASO_zypdnsQ.
oh thanks you are a http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=ASO_zypdnsQ&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DASO_zypdnsQ.
We are both Gentlemen!?!.
oh wrong one http://youtu.be/SIaFtAKnqBU.
ahahahahahahahaha. So do you have your dress yet?.
i do sort of and im gonna get it fixed.
What color?.
blush pink.
Oh, I should find a blush pink suit!.
good luck with that. maybe you should wear pink panda costume.
http://stores.amdlcollections.com/-strse-5305/10%22-Pose-Pink-Panda/Detail.bok This should do?.
this one.
Where can i get this?.
just buy bunch of pink ballon and sew it together. tada.
That seems like alot of work...
make david to do it. he's has nothing else to do anyway.
He did do merch this year so.... I feel like the board is doomed....
umm are david and justice being junior cochair or no.
Yea, i guess they are, but like when you and Mia are gone... what will we do....
mia will be there right?.
Well she will be here, but I think she is kinda done with CISV....
yeah hahahaha she said that she is quite sick of it... have sarah talked to alicia?.
Not yet... I am kinda worried about that....
me2 alicia and max.. hmmm..... alicia just never shows up at anything. but max just never works.
Alicia is really busy and Max is really lazy. Its a perfect combo :S.
why arent new ppl coming innnnnn. is liam chase coming back?.
Haha, Liam was never there! And we are only getting Fiona as a new person... Georgia needs to start going....
well we should kidnap liam and force him on a board.
Kidnap him for the whole year...
pretty reasonable.. i will build him a dog house.... okay but seriously i talked to browns. or actually i msged them and they never got back to me....
hah, oh god... the Browns... gotta hate 'em!. When is Danny coming back? He can be chair!.
of course he will run minicamp on the theme of striping or something like that. august maybe??.
hahah cool. Well I am going to bed, Night!.
good night dont let the bug bed bite. you and richard have two choices that you can possibly make for after prom. have Mia talked to you about this?. McCalister's party or Landine's social gathering.
Doesn't really matter to me. What do you want to do?.
doesn't really matter to me either.... i just don't wanna be that one who ends up recieveing ipad. receiving.
Me either. From what my brother tells me it is good to leave as quick as possible.
and please let's not break our necks from dancing too hard. jk lollololollolololololololol.
I am a semi-professional break dancer...
and I am a semi-professional korean mask dance and i can probably do some lion dancing.
yea, you could, but you wouldnt be as good as Richard....
we should just all wear lion dance costume to prom. lion dance pants + spandex gym shorts. perfect combination.
Also a bow-tie. It is a formal event.
and extra pearly glittering make up. so everyone will be able to recognize us from the distance.
Well my suit is at the tailors being bedazzled as we speak..
not pink spandex?.
**My pink spandex suit is at the tailors.
sounds better, i was getting upset.
Well what are you wearing, how are yo going to top my outfit?!?.
it's not about my dress that's important. it's about my eyebrow. i'm going to shave it all. and plant my dog's hair. i dyed my hair and my dog has brown hair so it's gonna go sooooo well together.
how are you going to plant the dog hair?.
glue?.
I didnt know it was so obvious!.
there are tapes too duhhh. yo lutes i see you too many times at the library this dayyy. anyway back to the point. i think about corsage. i should just buy my own. and if you wanna wear one then it's up to you. i dont want you to feel all responsible for my prommm.
Haha. I feel bad that you are buying all this sfuff.....
well if you were a millionare then i might would have asked you to buy me one. so you shall be millionare at tis moment. anyway you know the after prom party we are going is byob, rightt?.
Ya.. I you want I can buy your beer, or wine or whatever you want....
hmmmmm are you having difficulty speaking english afer taking prescot's eng exam?.
Ahaha **if.
nahhh it's all right. i dont like alchol :p.
Ahaha. I wonder if Conor is going to drink. ...
yeahhh i thought conor was going to landine's. but i guess not.
Ahah. Well I am ready for conor Macdonald body shotzzzz.
the party is perfect excpet that robert chen is not gonna be there.
Then it is far from perfect. ...
we should carry a doll with robert chen's face. so we can think of him wherever we go.
Well I all ready have his face tattoed of my back. M.
#1 fab?. fan. omgg josh's mother spying on you guys studying was as creepy as fuckk.
Hhaha. She isnt a very goood spy. She revealed her identity right away... but still creepy.
dont worry she will be in your dream tonight. anyway grade 12 who has mandarin exam tmr gotta go to ned. bed have fun studying juniorrrr.
H8. I have physics. ......
.
Hahahah night.
nightt.
My mom was wondering if you dropped off your YLIF at Laurie Daneff's?.
i am droping it off at her work tomorrow. does your mother want it directly to be dropped off at your house?.
It is fine to drop it off at Laurie's office! Have fun in Sweden!!!.
Hey.
 hey noah  i think u r the coolest person in the world!!!  will u be my bff or even better my wife!!!!!!!!!!!!!  p.s get a bole cut please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
hello i have a bit to say number 1 you are right i am to cool for you and number 2 is that my sister(dara) told me if i do i will be a loser and i dont want to be a loser   ps.  i will not be your wife.
k.
Hey.
 where is josh?.
At the other Joshes. I think so.
THX!. Whats josh's numbrt?.
1 sec, Let me check. 440-8718.
thx agian!. Can i get ur server IP>?.
Minecraft?.
YEAH].
Hold on. Areyou on hamachi?.
YEah.
Good good. 5.9.161.224.
ahsome. whats dat passowrd shet?.
For hamachi it is calebisgay.
lol. It no work..
Hamachi Server Name: JasonsMine17. Pass: calebisgay. Ip:5.9.161.224 or it may be, hold on.
It worked.
Ah good.
Jos needs you.
Ok.. Dan!.
Yo!.
So Peter and I are writing this script, Jacks already messaged you im pretty sure. And we thought you may be interested in starring?. Along with Robbie Lynn.
Haha sure man. that would be fun! Whats it about?.
Sort of dark comedy, about a serial killer who really wants to go down in history for what he did but never seems to get noticed for it. He has an imaginary roommate who knows what he does but doesn't care. He starts to get more and more frustrated and starts killing people in ridiculous ways to get noticed and gets mad at his roommate and stuff. In the end the police come to his door and the twist is that he is actually immaginary and his roommate is the one who has been killing people and the main guy is the alter ego he created because he doesn't want yo deal with it. We want you to be main guy and you'd be sort of talking tob the camera and stuff, breaking the fourth wall. Robbie would be the roommate.
Ahah. Thats sounds pretty sick!.. I def down..
Were planning on submitting into silverwave aswell!. We'll send you the script asap and you can make any corrections you feel. Thanks dude!.
np. When do u guys plan to start shooting?.
Were going to be done script in a week, filming will probably begin early july. But we arent really sure,  will keep you posted.
Sounds good man!. hey man I am going to be out of town on the 18th and 19th :/.
Oh shitty!. Are there any better dates for you? Two days will be more than enough.  Its just Robbie Lynn had something with these days specifically, I forget what now.
I am busy the next 4 weekends :/.
Dayummm. Well no problem! Thanks for letting me know so early on man!. We'll find a way to push it back, no problem at all.
Ight man sounds good! Sorry about the shit.
It takes a real man to stare a shit in the face dan.
ahahahah. Hey man saw the matinee today. You killed it man. Soo good!.
get online on oovoo. !. !.
haha kk.
you have 10 seconds. 9. 8. 7. .. .. ..
i am on.
Hey bro! How is it going? We haven't talk for a long time, miss you!.
Hey man, things are good here, it is suppose to snow 25 cm here tomorrow. What about you, hows turkey?.
Last year there was no snow, I have to go to the mountain in my city to see some snow :D Everything on its way, btw this  weekend I have a post-camp, I'll teach terrodacto (I don't have to write it :D) to everyone!!.
Ahaha, YES I Love TERADACTO :D I wish i was there to play :(... So how many people go to your post camp???.
Yeah man, nobody can play it like you! Uhm I think almost 60 people, most of the will be small kids though. Deniz won't come, cause he has to go to Istanbul for a competition tomorrow(I don't know what is it about), so I'll be the only one who know the game :D.
hahah, thats sweeet. so are u planing on doing anything for CISV this year?.
I want to be jc but my school will be over 2 weeks later then then the other schools and after that I'll go to the usa. I'll get back from there probably at the 3rd of july but the camp will start at the 28th of june. However we don't have any invitation besides Turkey, so I can only be jc in Turkey this year. And the camp will be in my school and it's almost 1 km to my home. Think about that, i'm just 1 km far from my home and i can't see my parents wtf? :D. Next I'll think about being jc, this year maybe I can just help them if they need. I love to make children happy and make fun of with them :D.
haha, i want to be a jc too but another guy in fredericton wants to do it too so i dony know if ill get picked... so i may apply for an IYM in france..
Man there is 4 more guys want to be jc too :D i don't know, maybe i may do IYM too.
where is your iym going?.
Actually i have no idea :D cause its not certain yet.
Oh, so how did your fall camp go?.
What do you mean about fall camp?.
you said you were having a welcome back camp?.
Oh ok i got it haha, it was awesome! We talked about our camps and memories, played lots of games. I just loved chinese masters, i was a master and only one group could find me, others were suck :D and we have a project about establishing turkish njr and jb turkey. We will have meetings to make our project real, i would love to be the turkish ijr :P.
You dont have  a JB in turkey???.
We had but it didn't work as the leader said to me, also they said that they didn't have the potential to do it :D but this year we have potentials (im one of them :D) so, we are going to do it again and it will work.
Thats amazing! I would vote for you! How long has CISV been in turkey?.
Almost 40 years i think. But it's my first year :D.
Oh wow, well i guess it is about time you have a JB.
40 years is too late, it had to be  long time ago. But anyway i'm in it, so that will be perfect.
yeah it is. what are u going to be in the jb?.
Man i don't know what jb is at all, some leaders told me that we will do it. Can you tell me please :D.
The JBis like a group of kids that plan stuff for the rest of the kids in the city, you also to fundraising and plan Mini Camps. Its really fun!.
It sounds really fun! Well, NJR and JB are similar things? And you asked me that what am I going to be in the JB,  what did you mean about that?.
NJR is National Junoir representative so you would repressent Cisv Turkey, and you get to go to an international meeting with other NJRs JB is more local, so u work on things in turkey. on the JB there are different positions to do different jobs..
Oh I see, thank you for inspiring me :D yeah there will be an international meeting in Belgium I think, so we will choose who will be the IJR and who will be NJRs. I can be the IJR cause 1 leader gave me as an example of the IJR while she were telling about the project, and 2 leaders told me that I have to be JC this year in Turkey. Man I'm the chosen one for that job! :D.
Hahah Yeah. Good LUck!.
Actually one of the leaders who thinks I have to be JC was like "please be JC at the camp in Turkey, I really want to see here, please stay with me", she was like begging :D. Hey man! I'm thinking about to make you a birthday video with the terradacto style. If I can get back home before saturday, I'm gonna do that shit :D.
Hahaha that would be amazing!!!.
Heyy Dani! How are you man? We haven't talked for a looong time, time passes to fast I guess, I just realized it's been 8 months since we talked last :D hope you are doing great bro, miss you.
HEy man, things in canada are going good, I just came back from a peace one day celebration. what about you?.
Hey man do you have by any chance the corrections of the midterm for econ 230 ?.
Naw, i have no idea where they are.... https://www.facebook.com/keith.husted.7?fref=grp_mmbr_list he is ur target.
ooo man damn yoo wasuup how are you man? good? im good so hows life ? man miss the times.
Hahaha I'm good! I haven't talked to you in years!!!! Whats happening there! Do u still rap??? Good times!.
man yeeh havent talked to u in years also, so waddup im all good yeaah here you know, u there? im still rapping making songs yehh hahhaha... uum do still have alex facebook also? who's the name? man put something up on my wall yoo hahha.
you talking about Alex Khaldy?.
yyoo bro wasuupp man heheh.
hahahaha not much just watching it snow!.
nice" btw do u got skype?my skype: galencihuyadd alrght cheers.
YeAh I'll add you.
hey man. dude. proof read?. im only done my introduction so far fuck :/. but it is fucking perfect lol.
wait u just started.
i started writing last night. but ive been planning and gathering quotes and shit like forever. but okay. you proof read mine first becaus eits only the first paragraph.
kk.
The Best Laid Plans is a politically satirical comedy-fiction novel written by Terry Fallis. It is a self-published novel that has won numerous awards including the 2008 Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour and the 2011 Canada Reads Award. Fallis is a Canadian writer who earned his Bachelor of Engineering degree at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. While attending the university, he served as the president of the Student Union where he was able to gain some valuable, albeit amateur, political acumen; this first-hand insight into the realm of politics was what enabled Fallis to convey the political aspects of the book with such proficiency. The Best Laid Plans follows the uncannily disastrous, yet humorously so, adventures of Daniel Addison, an ex-speechwriter for the Liberal Leader and loyal Liberal himself who knows the cut and thrust of federal politics like the back of his placard. Tired of the never ending cynicism and cunning deceit that eternally permeates the Hill, Daniel attempts to escape the integrity crushing clutches of federal politics by resigning as the Leader’s speech writer and finding repose in the small, quaint and egregiously right-wing town of Cumberland Prescott where he seeks to pursue  a  job as an English Professor. The only problem is that before he manages to leave the Hill with a clear conscience, Daniel is given one last task: to find and campaign for a Liberal candidate for the Cumberland-Prescott riding in the upcoming federal election, a town that has not seen a Liberal Member of Parliament since the dawn of time. When Daniel meets Angus McLintock, an eccentric engineering professor, grammar pundit and part-time chess aficionado, he thinks that he has found just the right name to put on the voting ballot in exchange for teaching a despondent English course at a university filled to the sprocket with hopelessly illiterate engineers. In an uncanny turn of luck however, the heavily favoured, long-time Conservative MP of Cumberland-Prescott, Eric Cameron, is exposed to the public as his true and unsightly self during the night before the election. As a result, Angus’ chances of being elected quickly soar into the positives and the political worlds of Cumberland-Prescott and even Canada itself are about to be completely changed..
intro is tooooo long 6 sentances.... rewrite.
what.. it can only be six senteces??. wtf where did they say that.
or 7.
the summary can be as long it needs to be.
not like 3 pages.
oh well.
u can write a shorter one for that book....
oh well i think its good. but either than length. are there any errors. or dislikes. commetns. kudos.
k let me read it.
okay. admonishments. oaky.
politically satirical comedy is redundant.
okay. what should it be instead. satire doesn't nessacarily mean humor. it's just a satire.. no but srsly it means (of a person or their behavior) Sarcastic, critical, and mocking another's weaknesses.. so it is satirical of politcs and in a comedic way.
just call it a political comedy.
but im robert chen. i have to have the word satire in there at elast once.. okay is there anyhting else though?.
use it in ur conclusion. dont mention the awards. dont give a bio of the author.
why not?.
ill give u my verion of ur in a sec.
doesn't the rubric say author for the intor though?.
i think u just into the author by saying his name, its not really relavant.
okay i just invluded it anyways. kk thanks for thee advice, i can proof read yours now.
im not done it yet,,, call me on skye daniel.lutes2.
k.
hurry. double time.
dude i had trouble signing in. wtf is this shit i keep getting these saudis adding me on skype. Good day  ,  How are you today? please forgive me if my mail is not acceptable to you. please i decided to write you because I have no other alternative, I am Juliet Abayah Koffi daughter of small Local gold mining director Nana Abayah Koffi. Since after the death of my father and my mother,alongside my only brother. I have been in a very big difficulty of how to claim the sum of $6.3 million and sale 150kg of gold which my father deposited of a security company as our family inheritance before his death.  I am afraid because the.
TAKE THE DEAL.
dude. if youre done the author cited sheet.
Vonnegut, Kurt. Cat's Cradle. New York, NY: Delta Trade Paperbacks, 1998. Print..
holy fuck u were right. my writing is unefficient as fuck. i have 3 pagesp. and am only on characterization.
filter man, filter.. u up?.
YEAH. HOLY FUCK. CAFFINE. IS FUCKING. NGIGERS. okay. im doen. proof reading. with d he right now. he doesntknow how to use commas. wanna proof read mine?. il do yours.
what does the title need to be.
haha man was exactly 6 pages long. critical resposne to "novel".
too long.
no creativity.
ill proof it. u proof mine. send me urs.
kk. and u proof mine too?. hmm. dude. okay what about a quick read over and if anyhtign jumps it. just tell me. Robert ChenMrs. K. PrescottEnglish 11123 October 2012A Critical Response to The Best Laid Plans	The Best Laid Plans is a politically satirical comedy-fiction novel written by Terry Fallis. It is a self-published novel that has won numerous awards including the 2008 Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour and the 2011 Canada Reads Award. Fallis is a Canadian writer who earned his Bachelor of Engineering degree at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. While attending the university, he served as the president of the Student Union where he was able to gain some valuable, albeit amateur, political acumen; this first-hand insight into the realm of politics was what enabled Fallis to convey the political aspects of the book with such proficiency. The Best Laid Plans follows the uncannily disastrous, yet humorously so, adventures of Daniel Addison, an ex-speechwriter for the Liberal Leader and a loyal Liberal himself who knows nuances of federal politics like the back of his placard. Tired of the never ending cynicism and cunning deceit that permeates the Hill, Daniel attempts to escape the integrity crushing clutches of federal politics by resigning as the Leader’s speech writer and finding repose in the small, quaint and egregiously right-wing town of Cumberland-Prescott. The only problem is that before he manages to leave the Hill with a clear conscience, Daniel is given one last task: to find and campaign for a Liberal candidate for the Cumberland-Prescott riding in the upcoming federal election, a town that has not seen a Liberal Member of Parliament since the dawn of man. When Daniel meets Angus McLintock, an eccentric engineering professor, grammar pundit and part-time chess aficionado, he thinks that he has found just the right name to put on the voting ballot in exchange for having to teach a despondent English course at a university filled to the gasket with hopelessly illiterate engineers. In an uncanny turn of events however, the heavily favoured, long-time Conservative MP of Cumberland-Prescott, Eric Cameron, is exposed to the public as his true and unsightly self during the night before the election. As a result, Angus’ chances of being elected quickly soar into the positives and the political worlds of Cumberland-Prescott and even Canada itself are about to be completely changed. At the beginning of The Best Laid Plans, the reader is immediately introduced to Daniel Addison, the easily relatable protagonist and hilariously sarcastic narrator of the book. Addison is described as a “liberal and a Liberal – in that order” (Fallis 9); he even served as the speech writer for the Liberal Leader before he attempted escape the world of politics. Addison is very well versed in the nuances of Parliamentary Ottawa and during his time there, he is mercilessly subjected to the cynical influences of his fellow Liberals; this is evident form the quote “One, day, you wake up and find you’re instinctively reviewing polling data in a different way; you find yourself thinking about the election cycle and how to isolate the weak Cabinet Minister from the rest of the herd in order to move in for the kill” (Fallis 11). Daniel mostly serves the purpose of providing facetious commentary on the events in the story as the story does not revolve directly around him; his witty insight is an important part of the humour of the novel. A good example of this is when Daniel describes an angry person’s face as morphing “from Panic Pink to Raging Red to Ballistic Blue” (Fallis 154); he then creatively complements this witty comment with a “Perhaps Crayola had an opening for someone like me” (Fallis 154). Throughout the novel, Fallis develops the protagonist by having him realize the importance of using politics to serve society as a whole rather than to better one’s own situation or cause; this development is evident in the line “We’d like your jobs but not if it means spoiling our water and imperilling the lives of the workers” (Fallis 259). Daniel’s dialect in the story reveals that he is a very intelligent individual who is also a witty commentator. The reader can infer these traits from the line “Their presence in some ultraconservative areas was tantamount to two unarmed Nazis strolling through downtown London at the height of the blitz” (Fallis 91); one can tell that he is intelligent from of his use of esoteric words such as “tantamount” and that he is witty from his simile about Nazis. Daniel helps to develop the plot by convincing Angus to run as the Liberal candidate for Cumberland-Prescott in order for him to fulfill his debt to the Liberal Leader; this develops the plot because when Angus unexpectedly wins the election, his maverick tendencies cause conflict in the political world. Apart from Daniel, the other salient character in the story is Angus McLintock, a beneficent engineering professor whose values are the polar opposite of what is common on the Hill; his “maverick” tendencies can be inferred from the line “I said no… do you really believe it is in the national interest to pour tax payers’ money into an inefficient and outmoded factory so we can dump artificially… in other countries and compete unfairly…” (Fallis 56). His purpose with regards to the plot is dual: to cause conflict in the political world with his unorthodox views and also to serve as a catalyst for Daniel to help him forget his cynical views on politics. Angus’ character traits can be inferred from his actions in the story; for example, when Angus puts the well-being of other countries before his city’s prosperity as aforementioned, the reader can deduce that he is honest and caring for everyone. In the story, Angus is described through the eyes of Daniel which portrays him with a tone of awe; this is partly because Daniel is amazed at Angus’ genuine, yet successful, approach to politics. This tone of wonder is evident in the line “I can’t believe it, but you did it. You got the rusted… government to do your bidding” (Fallis 224). Angus’ dialect most saliently reveals that he is of Irish descent and proud of it; for example, the line “I just cannae believe I’m enjoyin’ myself so” (Fallis 259). exemplifies his retention of his indigenous vernacular. This use of dialect really brings life to Angus’ character. Angus develops the plot by having contrasting views with other more cynical Liberals which consequently causes conflict in the House of Commons. Apart from Angus and Daniel, the other characters in the book are flat and do not develop throughout the story nor contribute significantly to the plot. These include Lindsay Parkinson, who is Daniel’s love interest, Muriel Parkinson, who is the five-time defeated Liberal Candidate for Cumberland-Prescott and Daniel’s advisor, and Pete’s 1 and 2, two students of Daniel’s that help him run the Liberal campaign. In The Best Laid Plans, Fallis’ use of Daniel’s unique voice is an important part of the humour. Fallis frequently incorporates grammatical satire into the book through Daniel’s voice, a creative way to really bring the story to life. One example is the line “there is something very comforting about the fetal position… I heard a soft moaning and spent a couple of minutes identifying the source. It was me. I mean I” (Fallis 122). This line is significant because Daniel constantly corrects the grammar of other less grammatically inclined people throughout the novel; in this instance however, his perplexity of the situation was shown through his ironic personal misuse of grammar, a clever device implemented by Fallis. Moreover, the author added realism to the story through language by frequently using esoteric words such as “clandestine” (Fallis 127) and “monolithic” (Fallis 109). This is a reflection of Daniel’s love for the English language and adds to the depth of his character. Another way that Fallis’ adds to the story is through the use of political satire as a literary device. For example, the line “Rachel was on her knees in front of the Opposition House Leader. Let’s just say she was rather enthusiastically lobbying his caucus” (Fallis 14) is rife with political satire and euphemism; this use of satire adds a great deal of value to the book for the readers that understand these clandestine allusions.  The main theme of the novel is the ability for one to separate oneself from the crowd for the greater good and to care for everyone. This idealism is evident in Angus’ ability to resist conforming to the cynical views of common politics and to act for the greater good. An example from the text that supports this theme is in the line “Every candidate in this country should be thinkin’ first about the national interest, second about their constituents’ interests, and third about their own interests” (Fallis 56). Angus shows that he cares about the greater good more than his own person gain. This theme is important because the entirety of the conflict in the book stems from Angus’ opposing views. Moreover, the protagonist, Daniel, is also converted to these views through Angus’ exercising of this tenet. Fallis develops this theme of societal well-being over individual gain by emitting it through Angus’ character; every single one of Angus’ political manoeuvres is centered on this idealism. Angus’ characterization is closely related with the main theme of the story because his character is the paragon of this theme. As stated in many aforementioned textual examples, Angus constantly incorporates this theme into everything he does, thereby implementing it as an important part of his character. The novel’s theme of caring for others over oneself is a universal one that is recurring throughout much of our world’s texts. One good example is in the movie Forrest Gump where in one scene, the protagonist runs and saves 5 of his comrades in the battlefield despite an impending air strike. This exemplifies the need for caring for others and the greater good over caring for oneself. As a result, Forrest was able to save the lives of 5 other soldiers rather than just escape with his own life.The Best Laid Plans is a very entertaining and unique read that is sure to please readers that possess even modicum of political knowledge. It is a very funny novel with an engaging way of presenting itself; through the intelligent eyes of Daniel Addison, the reader becomes truly immersed in the world of Canadian politics and feels as if they are really part of the experience. Some perks that come with reading the novel include a broadly expanded vocabulary and some basic knowledge of political operations. On the other hand, these perks could also be viewed as a downside because it might ostracize the readers who are not looking for an intense read where being able to read a whole page without having to access a dictionary is considered a spectacular accomplishment. The novel comes with a host of memorable unique characters that really grow on the reader throughout the novel. Each character’s unique personality and voice make them come to life. The only dislike that a reader could potentially have with this novel is level of sophistication used in the diction and satire; it does admittedly take a strenuous amount of effort to fully comprehend and enjoy all of the allusions in the text but it is worth it. Overall, this is a quality piece of literature that is definitely worth a read and it is a sure recommendation to all that enjoy good laugh about Canadian politics and some sophisticated satire.Works CitedFallis, Terry. The Best Laid Plans. Toronto: Emblem Editions, 2009. Print..
send me it as a file. .
okay. how.
nvm, u got mine>?.
yeah. okay just copy and paste mine onto word. and change the font.
Okay, i just read it, It was well done, good imagery, and you support your ideas well with quotes, but it seems like you need to filter your ideas, all of the text is not nesscary, and prescott will be not be happy having to read somthing that long winded. Intro is still too long, but i love the conclusion.
lololol. fuck mrs prescott. she can read my ass. HA. okay. but yeah, idk lol i am WAAY to tired. and i guess the limit was 6 pages. and i hit that exactly haha. reading yours now. Hoenikker tells John about his father's dyeing creation. dying is spelled wrong. Although throughout the book we meet a plethora of different characters. we is a personal pronoun. rephrase to there are. or there appear. there is a plethora of characters. the book is replete with characters. filled to the gasket as a matter of fact.
anything else.
strong arguements. space between paragraphs. is not consistent with space between liens. Without explanation, he  uses words such as 'karass', 'bokonon' and 'grandfalloon',  words that were created for the book.. rephrease to. Without explanation, he  uses words that were created for the book such as 'karass', 'bokonon' and 'grandfalloon'.. because you mention the subject twice. which is awkward. You'll forget it when you're dead, and so will I. When I'm dead, I'm going to forget everything–and I advise you to do the same." (Vonnegut 96). no period after same. the last punctuation is ommiteed. dude. this guy. we must learn from him. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgDb4SJn0fs. his puns are just off the brace of this earth. surfs up. and btw are you done your business plan. you guys start pressentation tomorrorw right?.
yeah, and I am not done.
shit haha me neither. are you shooting for the competition.
I dont care.
suave.. what is the business you are doing.
body disposal.
why. are you always so sarcastic.
Do we have to respond to the comic for the assignment.
i dont know, im too busy surfing right now.
funny guy.
not even. im scanning the internet for reference articles for my music term paper. and i actually dont know i didnt do the comic..
k. also are u missing any quotes.
no i have all the quotes..
give me sum.
okay heres one. "it's a competitive world bro.. surfs up" (Lutes 666)..
Robert I will destroy you. saw you studied til three last nigght.
no i only post statuses like that to make me seem academic so when harvard looks at my facebook, theyll think im a good student..
Big Brother is watching.
probably!.
give me a quote. Look at me boy.
dude are you planning on dorpping out of prescotts.
no,are you.
no.
why do u ask.
a lot of people are and im just trying to get the general opinion.
who is switching?. other than Karim.
i heard that guidance is going to talk to prescott cause they had so many people come ask them to switch out. from our class, im pretty sure stanko, daniel he, logan milne, ainsely swift, alicia colter, mather mclaughlin, and karim. and maybe a few others.
who said that guidance was going to talk to her?.
idk i just have that notion in my head i forget who said that.
Pretty sure thats bullshit, but I have heard that from others too... why are people switching out?.
everyones just switching out cuz they arent used to her hard amrking and they think they deserve a "better" mark in an easier course where they dont challenge themselves and waste their time.. il admit that a better mark could be achieved in level two english and as far as helping you on paper, this course is generally not as good as level two but im more in it for the self challenge and the experience.
yeah, thats kinda stupid to switch for a higher mark, they should all just do lvl3.
and also i think i can still pull off a good mark if i really pull my scuba googles up and sharpen my surfboard..
you probably wont hang 10, more like a 9.6.
its funny cause they apply for level 1 thinking that they are gifted or smarter but when they get challenged and have to work hard, they drop out and criticize the teacher..
lol. I dont really mind a smaller class....
she might have to merge the two classes together in semester two after everyone dorps out lololol. whats your mark in that class anyways. or at least as of last report card.
89... which i am okay with..
okay.
how did u do on the chem test.
the mark or how i felt.
both i guess.
99.8% and pissed about the .02% percent..
sick bra.
hbu.
97. what was it out of.
100. most test are actually..
no i mean the test its self.
i forget lol. what's your average in chemistry now.
93.
its actually such an easy course lol i thought it would be the hardest but tis not. did you say you had a 98 average in that course?. didnt*.
sarcasm..
why.
igtg. see ya bra. l8ta\.
alligator. dude chem answers. are you done those.
no. what sheet is itÉ.
12-27.
k ill do them now. do we do it on the sheet.
i didnt.
what did u get for a?\.
i forget lol.
check.
isnt a one of the easy ones. im not home right now.
k.
for a, u find the moles and compare that with the molar ratio.
i wasn't there when she explained how to do this shit.
wait not even, you just find the moles. n=m/M. use that. whichever has less moles  is the limiting reagent.
oh.
and you have to compare  it with the molar ratiotoo.
would 150 atoms of Mg = 150 moles of Mg?.
for 1. the ratio is automatically 1:1 but if u have an equation u have to look at that. yeah.
kk. can you take a pic of the English home work for me/?.
what english homework. what. OH SHIT. i forgot that.
lol.
okay il post a pic. are you done the chem yet?.
just started im on 3 d.
okay. 󾍃.
you didnt show any work.
u dont have to.
wut????. did she say that.
i dont think you have to show your work. i am assuming. hmm. HM. okay i will redo it.
bad move.
but chceck the answers. are they the same.
check 3 c and d.
u have different answers?.
c 85g. d 26g.
no my answer is right for c. and probably d but i havnt checked that yet. you forgot to check if oxygen was a limiting reagent. you have to use the mols of oxygen tio calculate the nitric oxide because there is an excess of ammonia.
c 4/5 = 0.80.8*68= 85g.
exactly. wait what???.
thats all it asks for.
thats not how you do it. you take the grams of oxygen given. divide by molar mass of oxygen. multiply by 4. divide by 5.
im talking about c.
multiply by the molar mass of NO. yeah. you cant use ammonia. wait. hold on. sorry iwas looking at d lol.
Fuck man read the question they dont even mention NO in it.
i thought you were tallking about d. okay what were your asnwers again.
85g. and d was 26g.
dude so its 68/17.04. *5. /4. *16. for c.
u sure.
well look at the reasoning. 68/17.04 is moles of ammonia. *5/4 is the moles of oxygen. *16 is the mass of oxygen.
fuck ur logic.
how did you logic.
the ratio is 4 to 5. 5/4. 1.25 * 68. 85.
the flaw is. is that mass is not porportional. moles or proportional. its not saying that oxygen weighs 5/4 as much as ammoni. its saying there are 5/4 as many moles of oxygen as ammonia. kahpeash?.
http://www.google.ca/imgres?q=goatz&um=1&hl=en&safe=off&sa=N&tbo=d&rlz=1C1CHMO_en-gbCA472CA472&biw=1400&bih=953&tbm=isch&tbnid=m1IJZ2Z0m6Nu4M:&imgrefurl=http://goatz.deviantart.com/art/HBDF2010-159181739&docid=0K_6LO_t3ccZqM&itg=1&imgurl=http://th08.deviantart.net/fs48/150/i/2009/180/0/d/silent_unicorn_by_goatz.jpg&w=97&h=150&ei=DjzOUISpG8mn0gG3l4DQBA&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=853&vpy=82&dur=203&hovh=120&hovw=77&tx=67&ty=57&sig=108480774914115874813&page=1&tbnh=120&tbnw=77&start=0&ndsp=42&ved=1t:429,r:5,s:0,i:103.
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151201495118800&set=a.429055263799.204715.546383799&type=1&theater. what is that.. what the is point. of having 30 of yourself in one photo. what is the significance..
Compare my pp likes to yours....
you should put that on your college application!. this escalated quickly. but do you see the logic no.
why didnt you do 4 678 10 11?\.
they wern't assigned.
sweet.
so have you rechecked over c and d?.
che. i got now.
u got now.
ye. wow, how did u get 18.0g for 5. ??.
i recalculated. and its correct. Hg is the LR. .049 mol. 1:1 mol ratio. .049 * m(HgBr2). m(HgBr2) is the molar mass of mercury bromide.
Hg=10g Br2=9g... How is Hg the LR?.
as i said. mass is not the roportional factor. mols ar. 10g of Hg is .049 mol. 9g of Br2 is .056 mol.
k. But that doesnt explain the 18.0g. It should be 18g.
why. the limiting sig fig is 9.00. thats 3 sig figs.
k. you did 12 a wrong.
is it 20 g. is that the asnwer.
i got 21g. well 20.9g.
its 1 sf. .9 g.
yeah] that it\.
21 has 2 sf. the answer is either 20 or 30. 20.9 is closer to 20.
no shite.
so the answer is 20 no 21. my answer was right.
ye.
everything checks out?.
yes, Now can u send me the LA homework.
i half bullshitted it so its nothing of value. its only if she checks it.
no, i need the sheet. I wasnt there on friday for la.
k. dude are you almost done your essay?.
yea.
when is it due?.
11th.
how many pages is yours?.
8.
oh nice.
minimum baby.
thats the min?. she said at least 8???.
yea.. y.
i only have 4. but im done yet.
Have u started gas laws.
yeah im done that.
and frankienstien?.
page 68. whens that due?.
tmr.
FUCK.
they are sheets?.
what are sheets?.
There are.
for frankenstien?. what?.
yea.
what are they. what do you mean.
do we have work sheets for frankenstien.
oh. no i odnt think so. she only gave vocab sheets. to help.
u sure. oh yea.
well she never assigned them.
that book is fucking stupid any way.
yeah i know lol.
When is our chem unit test.
hmmm. thats actaully weird. theres only two weeks. and then exams. shell probably squeze it in.
has she not said yet?.
nope. fuck i gotta get this essay done... still have sooo much to write.
when did u start.
i wrote my first paragraph in november. and then i did two more paragraphs yesterday. and im doing the rest today.
tuff guy..
no just terrible procastination. dat related videos. worst invention ever.
Just dont be fucking stupid.
lol i just a bad habit.
Give and take.
?.
#idlenomore. #Kony2012.
lol. kony2012 was bs. fuck da white saviour industrial complex.
paint the streets. what are ur classes for next semester.
english math history physics and bio. lvl1.
who is ur math teaher.
lol idk i forget. hopefully not batt.
cause as of now we have all the same classes....
lol like every single one?. what if we have different teachers.
if we have math together then me u and Josh Liu have all the same classes..
lol thats sick. dude compare chem?. duee can i update me on what i misssed in la and chem today?. and whTs the test in tmrw?.
molarity and PPM.
ppm?.
google it.
dude just tell me. la or chem?. om the test or what we learned?. dude do we need to have lecture notes for our frankenstein seminar?.
idk, I have no idea what is happening with the seminars.
okay.
Can you send me the spelling for LA.
okay. is there a quiz for that moday?. .
yeah. what is the thing behind the lamp?.
moraine.
kkk bbg see you tonight at the gallaaaaaaaaa ;).
yeah. dude problem with your lab. one the mirror question, you didnt count the actual object thats not reflected as a object. so the aa. the actual amount*. of object shoud be one more than what you have. and the formula should be 360/y not 360/y -1. thats just my two "cents".
IDK, Thats how our group did it..
hey can you send me the vocab words for prescott?.
cvb.
thanks.
For the essay submission what are the rules other than size 12 Arial.
1000 words and thats it im pretty sure.
k.
dude what does your annotated bibliography look like?.
IT doesn't have to be annotated for the essay..
o rly??.
She said.
so only thing we need tmrw is a works cited?.
ya.
okay thank you. dude what was the vocab test like today?.
I didn't go either.
lol you skipped today. ?.
The first three periods..
finishing your lab? ;).
Richard did.. Did you not do urs?.
no i skipped today to do my seminar. which is tomorrow.
Whats it on/.
i went to FHS for 5 mins to drop off my lab today though. problems with alliances. leading to wwI.
Oh. dope.
yeye. dude wanna compare history essays?. dude. i know your online. inductive reasoning.
Not shit. no. no shit..
.
oh ur message. no.
compare that shit. oh. okay.
I am happy with mine/not done yet.
lol i literally wrote the entire thing from 3:30 to 10:00 at the SUB. just got home.
lol. Crazy as fuck. bye.
we should compare when were done though. !.
I will just go to be then.
okay nvm. how much do you have left?.
I am sighting all my shit. I forgot to do it all so I am doing it now.
nice. dude have you done the webowkr yet?.
no. the bio one?.
no the math. but i have to do the bio one too. but the math on is broken i think. even more broken than the last one.
oh.
dude how are you feeling for that history test? are you studying right now.
Ya, not good.
what points are you using for the essay.
Dude, how was the test?. You up?.
no wtf lol. why were you up?. dlutes had a rowdy monday night shakerrrrr? ;).
Print plz.
kk.
thx.
big d lutes.
Wut?.
hows the semester porject goin?.
Fine. Why?.
like did u work on it yet?. idk, just askin, im procrastinating super hard.
How are you going to show your shit off?.
are you going to that party on sunday?. ur on the invite list. lol idk yet, still havnt arranged.
Wut party?.
ingmara.
Just saw the invite..
oh lol.
LOl prob not, why?.
just asking lol.
Is it going to be good?.
idk, thats why i was asking you lol, but probably not, i heard that her parties are HMMMM.
Me too. But if you go ill fight you/.
idk, im more of a lover than a fighter.
Wait till i get a couple brewz in me.
alcohol is one of the seven deadly sins..
My fists are the other 6... I fight..
i don't want risk tearing my biceps so il cordially decline.. i work hard on those you know...
Are you going?.
idk. maybe.
Body shots on me.
dude i think it got cancelled. the page isnt even on facebook anymore.
. Hahah.
so sick. ty very much.. dude our debate is on thursday not tmrw right.
Yea.
kk man. Here you go josh, just check to see you dont have the same stuff as me. LOL SHIT. . back = scratched.
Thx.
yeah man, tell me if i missed anyhting in the review too.
kk. Dude, you totally skipped the russian revolution.
lol dude shit. i thought i got most of the important parts. what else is there?. im still not done hitler or wwii yet.
I just saw that there was no section for the revolution... Nothing else is missing yet..
its after wwi. you miht have not gottent here yet.
Shit.. yea, now i see it.
dude do you know how to get onto the webwork?.
Ir robert_chen.
nvm i got it. thanks tho.
Luv u.bbg.
no homo tho..
. Maybe tho.
you make me feel like a little girl again http://rack.3.mshcdn.com/media/ZgkyMDEzLzA4LzEzL2Y2L2ZyaWRheS4wZDliOC5naWYKcAl0aHVtYgk4NTB4NTkwPgplCWpwZw/bb616af1/de6/friday.jpg. want to compare physics labs?.
Sure. But I have not finished yet..
same lo. fucking sources of error os gay. . send me yours when you're done.
Kkk. . soorrry its late. also not done. Also how u don on the test?.
so bas 22/40. cud have done better tho, gonna pull my socks up.
ahahahahahah. Shit dude.
󾌹.
ahah what u get on the first one?.
super bad too, i forget. 33 i thinko.
33 was pretty good on the first one man.. unless thats a %.
not a percent haha. but i flunked this one. so fuckig hard. i didnt een do 2 b) because idisnt see it.
Not that hard. hahahaha.
and i lost 4 marks for not drawing a diagrm that was easy. i solved the question right. but thought he didnt want a diagram. fuck hes such a hardass with his amrking. ill get him on the next test for sure tho.
Ahahah well see, man send me ur lad again. the first thing u sent was shit.
what do u mean?. man my internet is shut off now. lol my dad fcking shuts down the knternet at 11:45. cant send it :/.
HOW THE FUCK ARE U TALKING TO ME THEN<<<<.
mobile. 3g. whats wrong with the lab i sent earlier?.
lol fuck copy ur discussion and send it. ITS EMPTY....
okay fine il make a htspot and send my lab just for u.
ahaha thx bbg.
back off im taken. .
BY a 10er.
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4d/Tenor_clef_ledger_lines.svg. tenor clef.
Lul wut. y.
im taken by a tenor. lets just say, ive been putting my middle c in her harmonic minor scale ;) lets just say im not i the key of d flat of you know what im saying.
Lets just say she only does anal.
lol idefk. lol. just gonna bed now. night! :D.
Im f'd gg.
why r u f'ed.
I have more shit to do.
why is it mla format lol. and u dont need the mirror equation three times.
Fuck it. and he didnt say the format did he,.
oh ya ur right. but its like names top left, title middle, and date top right. anyways night!. lol dude, check this out https://imgflip.com/gif/778wy. #brahppp braahph.
Hahahaha did u make that?.
lol dont tell ppl or i might get jumped by the esf. but yeah ill take credit.
Ahahha. We should try to join esf.
lol do i look like i have. a deathwish. when do you get back from montreal?.
Sunday.  Yyy?.
oh how are we going to do our ecocriticism porjext?. like tmrw sunday? o next weekend sunday.
Tmrw.
okay.
can u send me pics of the note u have from in class?.
want to compare abstracts?.
Haven't done mine yet. But can you send me urs plz.
yeah im working on mine. what are you working on?. this is my thesis "In Cormac McCarthy's "The Road", the element of fire can be linked to the delicate sense of morality that the man attempts to instill in the boy who is the last shred of hope in a world filled with inhumanity, the lone bright flame in a world literally filled with ashe, thus drawing an undeniable connection between nature and the spirit of humanity. ".
Niceeeee.
totally winging this. what do we put for sources?.
The book and any articles you read. Did u have four things for your abstract.
i have two so far. im trying to think of more.
Fuck man, this abstract shit sux.
yeah its not thaaat bad.
I just wanna study 4 chem.
i dont think we need to study for that. in terms of surviving this next 24 hours while withstand minimal damage to your GPA, it would be wisest to prepare for the presentation.
How longs ur part 4 the presentation?. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7xeTwg8bE4&hd=1.
HAHAHA WTF. its like a white esf. dissing esf. #ESFVSSUSPECT2014.
What u put 4 General Topic and Specific?.
genreal i put ecocritcism. and specific i put "the importance of fire".
Can u send me ur whole file?.
its a .txt document since i dont have microsoft word. but yeah.
Kk thx.
wait what does an mla bibiography look like i forget.
use easy bib.
ya using that now. what are you sourcing. just hte book?. im going to say only the book. cuz websites are too hard to cite. and i could have written everything i wrote based on personal knowledge.
ahaha . yea I might do that too. send it.
kk. send me yours.
havent started yet. Also can u send me a pic of the notes we did in class on this. For my part atleast.
yeah sure. in a bit.
kk.
whewww all done. i took up a bunch of slides on the powerpoint but oh well.
I saw. Now can u send that pic.
.
Do u have the English assignment done??.
no not yet. :s.
Send it when u done plzzzz.
r u done?.
No. Imma talk to her tmr about it. I hate it.
like youre not going to do it?.
I started but im kinda stuck....
yeah i dont rly feel like doing it right now.
Email me the audio from the phone.
kk.
Did u send em?.
whats ur email?.
Daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com. Send as zip.
ok just sent them all. but as seperate emails. cuz my phone only lets me send them like that.
Kk.
did u get them?. send me the video when ur done and ill write a script.
Send the un named 1.
all of them?.
Yeye.
send me the video when ur done and ill make a script. how is the vid.
Ill be done at 12.
ugh idk if im gonna be up that late.
Well 2 bad. U gotta do it.
dude u comin to mcdicks.
Naw. Working.
how much left. r u uploading it to youtube.
Just 2 more scene s.
kk. done yet?.
Gimme lime 5.
dannnnn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZu36IUHok8&feature=youtu.be. Ill make it 333 dont worry.
hahahahahaah. lol its so fucking bad but funny. k im done the script. can you print it cuz id ont have a printer.
print at school. also do u do the other part of the assignment.
whats the other part of the assingment?.
IDK. there are 3 parts. ITs like an explenation of ur project.
i dont have the rubric can u send me a picture. damn we should have gotten chris to do it. or kari.
I dont have it either. it should be on her wiki.
jsut checked its not ont here. http://marshall-info.wikispaces.com/English+121. hmm. is it that big of a thing, coudl we just write it in chemt mrw?.
do it tmr in chem and during cause 4 pause.
kk. hey dan. do you have any suits i could borrow for my escort walk on with mr mardi gras?. they said they were buying a suit for everyone to wear but now they are like "just be yourself" but cassidy rly wants a suit but i also dont have one, so i was thinking maybe you could lend me one?.
Haha. They arent very good suits. But sure.
oh sweet. whats it look like?.
Like a harry cock.
can u bring the suit to schoolt mrw?.
no, u can pick it up at mu houes. house.
can i come today?. whats ur address gain?.
75 coburn dr.
ok. dude what rez did you get at mcgill?.
Molson.  Heard ur in douglas..
nice and yea.
Rachel and jack are there 2. And I think liu is there maybe.
j liu?. haha they have shared bathrooms friggg.
HAHAH. ALL OF THEM DO!!!.
not sherbrooke. i wish i got sherbrooke :'(. but douglas looks rly cool too.
Ahahhaha. Shared isnt a big deal!!!.
how the f. am i. going to get my eyeliner done int he monring. with 6 other ufckers. sharing 2 god dadgummed sinks. .
Ahhaahahhahahahah.
im just glad i was able to put a smile on richard du's face.
Where are u?.
third row from front on the right side. right under the screen projection.
I see you fucker. Stand up.
. . dude what is up with that courtney sheld chick.
Agahhaha shes a fake!.
i bet shes fat as fuck #misogynyyyytwhatup. theres no way someone can be that angsty feminist and not be physically repulsive #yolol. to use a fake profile pic lol.
Ahaha. Post that in the group. Ppl would love it..
lololol and watch my social reputaiton plummet.
That ship has sailed. Have u started chem study?.
lolol. i am gonna be a totaly dif perso in uni dude. selling all my v necks. changing my name from robert to robért.
Ahaha White collar criminal..
and no havent start chems tudy.
Ahhaha. Man whats ur mark in the class?.
brutall. lol do we have two exams monday or just one?.
2.
WTF. english AND chem????. fukabitch.
Ahaha. What do u think ur gom a get as a final mark?.
i think i have an 86 right now in chem. probably get a 90 on the exam. end with 87.
Ahahha. That wouldn't be so bad..
dude that courtney sheld chick. is fucked for uni.
Ahahhah. Yea.  If the person behind the account actually got in.... hey, im running late. ill be there at 130.
lol wrong person. dude what courses did you pick for mcgill?. what does your schedule look like.
I dont pic till the 16th.
ohh nvm.
But I know what im taking. What ur schedule? ??.
deciding right noww. what ar eyou taking?. what are you going in again?.
Econ and compu sci.
desaultes?. or faculty of scienece.
It's called bachelor of arts  and science..
ohhh k. whats a good elective to take. im deciding between beginners french. or philosphy.
Don't do french. That fucked my brother really bad..
oh rly. he took french?. howd he get fucked up. was it a lot of work.
Yeam cuz you take a placement test and they see that u have taken french since 3rd grade and the  place u in a really hard class with ppl that have been doing french for a while and my bro said he couldn't handle it..
yeah but i havent been doing french since 3rd grade. id be put in the beginners class. right. ur bro was in french immerision?.
No hes wasnt.
so then whyd he get placed in ahard class?.
Cuz he did like the English ppl french.  All I am saying is goo down that path at ur own risk..
hmm. can i talk to your bro?.
Ahahha. Yeah sure message him on fb..
idk what to chose for my cmplentary courses dude. deductive logic for one of them.
Yea. My bro did that one and he liked it.. What do you think you got on the chem exam?.
pretty bad.
like 60?.
80ish.
oh, thats not soo bad,.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vqsVbiI7Mrc.
Lol k..
your cursed dude.
I haven't slept the past 2 nights... whats in that curse????.
demons dude. dude what classes did you take for mcgill?. do we have any of the same?. art of lisening?. deductive logic?. soccer footwork class?. any of those coincide?.
Ahaha I tool econ 227 econ 230 comp 202 math 133 math 240. First term.
aww i dont think i have any of those haha. whatd you take for elective>.
Nothing.
man thats barren.
󾆦󾆦󾆦󾆦.
hey dude what documents did you have to send to mcgill so far?. and when are we supposed to pay?.
Legal forms and shit and yea I paid some shit.
which legal forms?. can you walk me through it. what do i have to do on minerva after i register for my courses?.
I don't remember. Its all on the site..
do i just do everything in registration menu?.
Yea. They ask for ur birth certificate and social insurance # and shit.
man do you actually pay your full tuitoin fee and everything?. or is that later/.
i cant remeber.
dude have you seen this lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VipN604d62s. it makes fredericton look like 8mile.
Ahahha. Is it a documentary?.
lol no its a montage of youtube clips from varius sources.
Thats was fucked.
yeah lol. especially that dude who was protesting.
Ahah Charles LeBlanc.
and esf was in it a few times.
Hows montreal?.
sickkk. im living in prez rez.
Ahahah. Really???. Whats the competition lookin like?.
man so fking itense. we got fkin hollister models and fkin lebron james over here.
Ahaha. Are there many firstyears?.
yeah they are all first years.
Oh shit. How many spots vs how many players?.
25 spots 45 players i think.
Thats tight dude. Good luck tho. What position are you?.
missionary. so tight..
Ahahah. U getting mad pussy up there dude.
yeee. no im right wiger tho.
Whats prez rez like?.
sucks assss. thank god im not living here.
ahah, its a rez. Do u think doug will be bettter?.
douglas looks sooonsick tho.
ahah, the rooms prob gonna be similar.
haha actually?.
Yeah dawg. All rooms are similar. Ahah. Except for moore housing.
damnnn.
ahahah. Hey man maybe im wrong.
yeah maybs. man mcgill is sickkk af tho.
Ahah how so?.
the vibesssss man.
Ahaha u smoking dat weed!.
ganjaa.
I just emailed the coach!.
oh nice. made the cut?.
He said ur cut... srry dude.
fuq :(. robert you fucked up againnnn. why cant i do anything right.
Ahahahhah. Dude are u partying there? Whats the dorm mood.
haha dude its just me and 14 others freshman soccer players rn. no girls no party allowed.
Hahah.  Sounds like a real sausage fest!.
ur in molson right?.
yea y?.
oh okay.
ahah y?.
this dude from my team is staying there too.
Whats his name?.
lucas.
Is he a good guy?.
ya man.
Dope. Ahah.  How was day 2?.
today was day 1. we just played soccer tennis.
Ahaha. Any ppl from doug there?.
nah im the only dougie.
Aba. Is there only one molsonite?.
ya man only one. dude whens your move in day again?.
24 y?.
ah just checkin. lol i got cut. nothing 2 do for a week now. :/. mcgill soccer 2 stronk.
Was it first cut?.
first cutttt. my career is finished. good game no respawn.
Shitty dude. Do u still stay in prez rez.
ya man. staying in prez rez until the 18th, it was only 20$ a night. and then im moving to new rez from the 18th to the 23rd.
Ahaha. Why?.
cuz we can only stay in prez rez until the 18th.
Ahah. Cool. Sorry 2 hear u got cut. U can play on my team..
yeah we'll start a mcgill varsity soccer rejects intramural team.
Ahaha.  How many people were first cut?.
10 lol. basically there were walk ons and recruits, walk ons are ppl who emailed the coach and came to tryout as a walk on, recruits are players who got scouted and were invited to tryout. all the walk ons got cut first cut.
Ahaha. Did u feel like you were better than ppl who didn't get cut?.
maybe a few. but there are still 35 players left. and only 25 make the team. and i was definitely not good enough to make it.
Ahaha. Well it was a good try. Now u fuck bitches every nighttt!.
yee. tinderrrr.
Ahaha. Dont u have a gf here?.
nahhhhh. shes just a christmas break type of thing u CActh my DRIFTTTT !!111?. ;]]]]].
Ahahahah.  I guess so.
dude im just pumped for frosh. and to meet new people.
Qhaham did u fuvk that girl?.
lololo. lolololololoolo.
Yeah?.
mhmm.
Hey dope man. No shame there.
rachels nexttt #dougies. JK LOL.
Hey dude go for it.
no shes not my type dude. legit. im not into asian girls at al. i only like skinny white girls.
I only like fat Hispanics.
dude legit tho.
Hey me 2 bro. Hey man hows shit in mtl.
pretty good dude. exploring the city and stuff. il show you around once you get here haha.
Ahaha. 5 days and your already an expert? Have u been alone or hanging with ppl..
hanging out with other people who tried out for the soccer team. lol i feel like ive been here for like 2 weeks now. its insane. time is fked here.
Ahaha. How long has it reallly been?.
5 days.
oh shit, good guess by me.  $$$, have u been partying at all?.
nope lol. need to be 18 to get into clubs. they id everyone under 25. once i get a fake id tho :D.
ahaha Dude, when du u turn 18?.
december 12. bruuuutal. hey buds you in M town yet?.
Gettin in 2day.
cya there big dog. you going to the pre frosh party tonight?.
Ahaha. I dont think so. Where is it?.
ivey nightclub.
Lol fuc that. U going?.
lol. yeah.
How. Ur 14.
with a fake id.
Send a pic!.
haha its brutal.
Bring it on.
. theodoreeee.
Ahahaahahaahaah. Where did u get it.
some guy i met randomly last night before we left the hotel haha.
Did u buy it?.
hahah nope he just gave it. he was so dunk. drunk :*. wtf. why did it send that kissy face.
Commit identity fraud.  Open a bank about in his name!.
lol. i cant believe it worked tho. karims coming to ight wh.
To the fros thing?.
no just like coming to mtl tonight. man he idnt even let me or you know :(.
Oh yea I no.
and i thought we were marhalls buddies. OH. OH SHIT. OHKAY.
What?.
haha nm.
Freak out dawg. How u gonna move in tmr,.
already mcedd in. 3rd dloor.
Mcedd???. What the fuck is that?.
moved in*.
Do u have a pic of ur rooom?.
didnt take one. but its brand new. hardwood floors. so sick.
Shit. My rooms gonna suck dick.
its close to doug tho which is pree cool.
I am not going to define myself relative to douglas.
hmph. K..
Ahaha.  What u up 2 day? Praying on homesick girls?.
preying*. and that wasnt a typo because the e is not immediately beside the a. that was a blatant fuck up.
No man. Like sitting on them saying prays.
nice cover up. but you dun goofed.
10 days in montreal and hes already a douche.
this implies that i wasnt a douche beforeeee ;) #silverlinings.
You are just upping your game.
haha ohhh.
Whats ur room #?.
C-33-4. C-32-4*.
Im in the court yard. Where u?.
st catherines. heading towards douglas. ETA. 20 mins. wanna chill?.
Just leaving rn. Ill prob see u tmr.
ohh aight baeee.
.
you have a montreal number?.
Naw.
whatcha doin. meet updaqgg. dawg.
NO.
whyy.
because. im. fucking.
wait what rez r u again?.
her. right. inn. the. pussy. you r bombed :9. :(.
yo we should chill sometime. kalabunga.
Ye bay I come 2 doug and kill sum butt. Did you go out last night?.
wait refresh me. who is better again michael jordan or kobe. im at cit actually. yo we should get food tonight tho.
Im going out with bro tonight to eat..
eat what?. pussayyy. ofc.
. Prof Pic bbg..
kkkkkkkkk.
DO IT DAD.
dude do you have twerk circus tickets.
Dude im holding a twerk circus 2.0 in my room that night, you want in?. Tickets are$400. Unlimited lap dances. .
lol. . . . that last one is amanda bulua hahahaha. .
Lol..
dudddudududude.
Wwanna bhm 2nite.
yeah dude so down. actually, want to lola rosas?.
Fuck that dude im already $3,000 in debt.
oh dude you forgot to pay back the illuminati. loan shark. wait actually tho? 3000$ legit?.
Yeah  dude. Couple of bad bussiness dealls....
yeah lets reach. bmh for din. or what about new rez. i hate bmh so much man.
Yeah sure dude.
the workers there remind me of that movie. the help.
..... 󾆦.
just the entire atmosphere there. sooo👬.
....
fuck womens suffrage man.
Ur a god damn dick.
why are they wasting so much money protesting abortion when there are 3000 hobos who need to be genocided?. ???1!??1?. if i was a jew, id rather take bathes too..
.
I cant tell if thats a red card or a dispersion map of nigera with regard to the number of ebola cases..
Weakkkk.
true dat true dat. i g g y.
Put my name in bold. . .
from la to tokyo. tokyo thursdays that is.
When you want 2 3at.
wanna go at. 7.
So late. I haven't ate 2day.
ummm. 6?.
Kkk.
. LOL. LOLOLOLOL.
get it in.
. haha dude what teh fuck.
ahahhahahha. just b llike.. "oh srry.... "ill cancel it...". didnt mean 2 bother u....
lol wtf. what does that mean. "we're not really friends. wtf.
like act sad.
dude she literally has like 1000 firend on fb. she definitely not "rly friends" with al o fthem.
ahahah. what u say 2 her?.
what does that even mean. dude shes a bitchhhh.
ahaha man. dont take it personal.
lololololololol.ol. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=913504015328234&set=p.913504015328234&type=1&theater. dude what do you think of this. I hurt my leg while distracted by myself in the mirror. I guess i just had a bad reflecshin..
Ravi is alive. And ur pun is shit.
lol. lol dude. check amelie leblanca relationship status. and then check nick bransfields profile picture.
Ahhaha. Are they,.
nick tots rebounded with amelie at a party after claire broke up with him i think. because the only reason hed make that his profile picture is to spite claire lololol.
Man just ask him. Aren't  you  guys  bbfz.
lol dude its just funny that she still his profile picture but shes in a relationship now.
Ouuf. She is dating someone else.
yee lol. makes nick look desperate. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5OfveMAk64. looooool. theyre burning bridges.
For fuck sake....
dude we need to take these rons blue videos and subtitle them because they are incomprehensible. and make it like ridiculous stuff. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GaKaGwch0U. like this kinda.
I SEE u. NICE CoaT.
hey. n is 0For each person in room:  add 1 to n. isnt an algorithm. right.
They say it is in 202. But it isnt really..
theres no looping thing. shouldnt it be like until there are no people uncounted. but, is that implied by the meaning of the word each. IDKKK.
The loop is for each person in room i guess. Is basically really shitty pseudo code..
aighttt. so im gonna put it is an algorithm. but this one isnt right. They are three laws to the robotics:1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.2. A robot must obey the orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the first law  3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.. because there is no goal. it doesnt accomplish anything. its just laws.
What are u doing?.
its just quiz 1. yo where r u at rn.
In class.
ahh. yo doug dinner?.
was sleeep. Did u do shad with this person?https://www.facebook.com/avaniderstine?fref=ts.
yeah hahahaha. howd u know.
She goes here eh..
ya i know. actually she dropped out. she works for google now.
What?. I saw her like 2 days agom.
she came here last year, this year she couldnt afford it and taught herself how to code and now she has an intership at google. she still does stuff with mcgill like host hackathons.
Weird. Thats  pre dope tho..
ya it is actually.
She a real shit tho.
haha what do you mean.
Haha. She is just a dick head. I did model un w/ her and she sucked dick..
hahahahahahah. yeah dude its true. i dont hangout with her anymore lol.
She seemed kinda dumb, I wonder how she got a job at google.
yo where r u guys in ssmu. i might come for a bit.
Second flur.
kk. you staying there all dayyy?.
Prob.
aightt. reaching. yo dude how do you cut characters out of a string. like if i have hello. how do i make it. ello.
Pig latin.
dude can you help me make a movie for my french movie.
Sure.
sweeet. were making a sequel. to activitie papiernormale.
When u need halp.
sometime next weekk. michelle is impressed by your previous work. sove beauty. dog days. operation 59 etc. do you have your camerav.
Who i Michelle?. also no.
the person in my group. we'll find oneo.
kk. try and get a DSLR. and a tri pod.
and panorama. and nashville filter ability. Meet Ana. Ana is 12 years old and grew up in Chiapas, a small impoverished state in southern Mexico. Ana is fascinated with bridges and dreams of one day becoming a civil engineer. Each day, Ana and her family have access to a small water pump for only 1 to 2 hours where they must store their day’s supply. Before they can use this water for drinking, cooking, bathing, and other life essentials they must first boil it in hopes of avoiding hundreds of types of harmful bacteria such as E. coli and Salmonella. Last month, Ana’s family couldn't afford the standard antibiotic pills used by most people to help prevent against the dangers of contaminated water and Ana fell sick for two weeks, unfit to attend school or even leave her room. Last year, Ana’s uncle was among 57 others to die from diarrhea in Chiapas. This is a common occurrence as most waterways are profoundly polluted since many communities do not treat their sewage. Also, a lack of sufficient medical facilities results in a significant amount of fatalities from an otherwise normally, curable situation. Ana is not a real person..  but her hardships and experiences are a harsh reality lived and shared by many other Mexican children just like her today, children who are just as real as you and me..
. Tl:dr ana needs to get her god damn life together..
dude check out this virus i hacked when i mainframed the data tunnels. .
Hey steez. Can u send me the MATH 140 prep 101.
im not sure if i have it, i remember oding a lot of practice exmas. exmas*. try docuum for the practice exams there are a buch on there.
I know u do. I think jack guo sent it to u.
il check once i get home for the prep 101. ya i might have deleted it. but ill check. jack has it for sure.
if he messaged u u can re download it.
trueee true. wait i think he air dropped it.
kk.
cuz i just checked our convo and its not there.
yo.
yoo.
Did u find the prep 101 thing?.
no i didnt dudee.
Can u ask him to send it.
yeah for sure.
Thx dawg. Tight group message.
yeah bare constricted dawgg.
Hows the dip goin?.
ya pretty goood. dude we shud chill sometime.
Def dude. U can give me some expediting tips..
dont drop the tray. and defintely dont drop the soap.
Have you dropped shit  yet?.
no lol never. yo dan. u down to go to boston pizza tonight?. with alex voisine.
Cantt.
ahh alright.
Family dinner.
what about doug din. or hit up rvc.
So down. Benny.
ye wednesday. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sER9yEq_vy4. which one r u.
Sulverr.
https://soundcloud.com/robert-chen-20/bobo-mix-4. hows this mix i made mann\.
Liked ur first one better! Both are good tho dude! What u start DJing?.
o i never knew u listened to the first one. 󾍃󾍃󾍃󾍃󾍃󾍃󾍃.
Some 1  played it 4 m3. U good dude.
oh man who played it. i shud hire them for my producer for mu upcoming record label, juicy rizzy c spinning tracks Co..
Rachel.
ohh. man league.
Later 2 night. U working?.
ye.
U free sat night?.
gotta check my scheudle. why?. duuuude. whats going on sat night.
Idk man. I thought a league night may happen..
yeaaaah down. tmrw night right. who's house?. dude next year, we gotta hit up league nights on friday 5-10 pm at trottier. its super sick, and then you can go straight to the pre right afterwards and go to the club.
Ahahahha. Your a douche 😜😍😍😍.
lol what.
League co kkkk.
ye. so tmrw night but who's house tho. like who's parents are gonna be okay with it, its gonna be loud lol. ur house?.
Nvm whole thing is off..
awww damn.
Wait back on.
for tonight?. or during the day. my shift got cancelled today cuz of rain.
Nighttt.
kk. when and where?. rdu is down?.
Idk dome time 2nite.. Prob dicks or my place.
kk decee. 7 pm?. yo wanna hit up the dip. and then play after. i can get 50%. if we all split nachoes its like 3$ each in total.
Can u get 50 off for five?.
only for two.
Danng.
whos 5 ppl. ww can do me u rdu and i just wont get anything.
Ahhaha. The roster is chris. Me. Du. Jmac. Jliu maybe.
oh chris plays league?.
Yeev.
sick man. kk hit me up tonight. yo wanna bball todat.
. Balling rn.
ohhhh sick. at the field house. multicutlural sports fest.
Ye bb.
man shoulda put me on the rost.
Too weakkkk.
yoo. im done.
Kk.
dude that game was rough all my team was feedig. you like that assasination on caitlyn tho?.
Ye man pre tight.
yo kype. skypee.
Masive delay.  Ping at 500. Ur skype keeps muting.
bf sword. dorans blade tier 1 boots. two dorans blades-> infinity edge->statik shiv -> bloodthirster -> last whisper -> guardian angel.
.
dan you down for a game?.
Bout to sleep. I have work early tmr.
ahh ok.
U in mtl yet?.
ya bro here rn. did u get here?.
Naw, Sunday. U fly?.
dude first night, come over and we'll play league all nighter. bring beeers. and pizza.
Lol.
yeah i flew.
U have internet?.
yeah bro.
Ping?.
80.
Weaal. Weak.
weaksauce. yo im plat iv now. i won like 8 games in a row as shaco hahah. check my match history.
Damn dude. Im in Shediac so i cant play LoL, i am going through withdrawal....
lol shittt bro.
Shaco is such a bitch to play against....
did u check my match history tho.
Naw. Dont have my laptop.
.
Shitt. Man i wanna get ranked bad. Im still lvl 24 th0.
just 6 more lvls ur close.
Ye. Tru. When u get to mtl?.
i got here yesterday man. im chilling at the apartment rn.
Is ur roomie there?.
yeHh. were at the gym now. holy fuck dude. chicago server move today. 47 ping.
Fuck yesss.
u back soon fam?.
Tmr.
yo u back?.
Tonite..
dopee. league tonight?.
Cant chill this weekend..
ohhh. kk. yo whatsup. why the call. yo hack night at trot. free pizza. you going?.
Prob not. Those seem weird..
duuude free pizza. lest go.
When is it?.
tonight at 6. get josh and holden. we can league after. man i got cut from mcgill league team. i was on tilt. too many noob scrubs on my team too. fuck gay.
That suxs dude..
yeah gay. it sucks dick. gayly.
Hahha jsus. How did the tryout work.
two games. random teams. we had a silver 1 top laner play support. he went 0/8 on thresh. then he went. 0/11 on annie. fucking scrub.
Ahahahahha that fucking sucks. Who u play?.
mid fizz. then mid yasuo. the other guy went ori and lux, both super safe picks and basically his team ganked mid all game.
Shitty dude. Always next year tho!.
yeah. so trottier at 6?. u down fam.
Im gonna be in the building so i may grab some za.
where r u rn.
Top floor trot.. 3rd *.
reaching rn. yo. league night?. fri night.
come over.
wanna go to trot. fast internet.
YEA later.
hmmm. like meet trot. we can order boust. boost.
I still have a shit ton of hw. I dont wanna leave my apt.
dangg. comon its friday.
u can come over and play, our internet is fast enough. we have dual ban.
but will you guys play.
ye.
kk. omw. im gonna bring lots of tortellini.
lol.
homework on a friday night?. . lol. holy fuck. thatsso sick.
http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msca/en_CA/pdp/Dell-XPS-13-9343-2727SLV-Core-i5-128GB-Signature-Edition-Laptop/productID.312527400. Im silver 4.
lol. dang. u can climb. i got placed in silver 3. when i first placed.
how does it work now. if i win games i go up, if I lose go down?\.
yeah. lp. when you get 100 lp you hit promos.
so can u fall, or only climb?.
you can fail. you can drop ot b5. if you keep 50% win rate. youll slowly climb.
U going to 4 to 7 2nite?.
gotta DATE. with adele.
Who the fuck is that?.
the chick from the manaba party. adele hu.
Dece.
leaguee soon tho. yo league rn?. or do you guys wanna come over and watch worlds/ play league. order pizza. thursday nighttt man.
We are watching worlds here dude.. but i have hw.
aww fuk. u didnt inv. me.
Thought u would be balls deep in Adele by now..
https://imgur.com/AmT7ghR. lol. thats such a good knock knock juoke.
hahaha.
yo league soon.
yea dude, im playing trist now. so fun.
oh ahit ur on the rift?. rn?.
yes.
dang. down to play later tonight?.
ye.
nice.
yo when u coming over?.
hmmm. i just ordered. boustan.
lol.
lets play online rn.
lol. not rn.
yoo what are you up to today?.
In USA.
ahh ok.
Ye. http://www.stream2watch.co/sports/baseball/toronto-blue-jays-vs-texas-rangers-live-stream-october-14.
. lol look who jack just matched with.
Ahahahah.
. lol look what some chick in my class made.
Hahaahah wtf.
do you know they guy. he has sheep hair. baaa baa baa. . . . . . . . yo, league later tonight?. you down?. im going to a party in the ghetto, il bring my laptop and we can league after.
ye swing by.
dopeee. yo im here. yo dan. wanna study slash league tn.
Man i have too much work. Im def gonna just end up leauging. Josh is down tho. I play a game or two.
yo im coming now. just won a game. 3 to 1.
Niceee.
soccer not league.
Oh. Intermural?.
yo, what are you doing for tonight?.
leauge baby.
aww dude. youre not going out?.
idk. are u going out.
manaba party. have to do coat check.
lol.
done at 11 pm. might play some league later if im feeling it. all nighter at ur place. or i might go to thursdays because we have guetlit thee. guestlist there. yo. is holden home?.
ye.
can you ask him physically. if he did the excel assignmetn yet.
naw u do it im in bed.
dude im at redpath. hes not picking up the phonee.
idk dude.
. dud eidea. im gonna make my new summouner name. fish on poIe. the L in pole is actually a capital I. capital i.
Aahahha.
yo league?.
im at trot w/ no mouse.
ahhhh fuck.
ye dude.
im one win away from fizz.
lol.
league later?.
Yea, Depending on when I get my work done.
kk.
League.
yoo dan. get on league. . . yo so what are the deeets on renting a car back?. can we confirm it?. get a confirmed group of carpoolers.
Its feel through. My brother is going back b4 me. Imma take the bus. When are u done?.
. shitttt actually. yo do you think we could find anyone else willing to drive and still carpool.
You need to be 21 to rent a car so prob not.
lol i wrote a macro. that constantly spams the mastery lvl 5 button. which toggles on and off. and i wrote a mastery that does fizz q w r combo instantaneously and it actually works.
Where u at?.
cyber tech.
Lol?.
yeah sure. get onnnn. let me go bot lane fizz support.
Come ovee.
dude im at redpath. the wifi here is fast. and its close to my house. and im already in lobby. just get onnnn. yoooo get on boys. You missed a call from Robert.. my last exam is decemeber 21. when is yours?.
Same. I thought urs was the 22.
honours stats?. its december 21st 9 am isnt it. did holden say other wise?.
Ye.
. maybe he was on the tentative exam schedule. yo, you down to take the same bus?.
Are u in finance?. Ye sure dude.
no. ohhh he was talking about finance.
Y u call.
league?. league?. my little cousin is on right now. LOL he is actually pretty good. .
Hahaha. shit dud what lvl is he?.
lvl 13. yooo lets play league comon.
Naw.
yo dan. get on league bro.
Essayy.
duuude one quick game.
Later sure.
half an hour.
Naw.
. yo that mouse set up tho. lololol. .
What the fuxk. .
lol what. dude come to china town. we need more squad. 4v4 this food.
Lol. Cant. Essay.
duuude. i have an essay tmrw.
Yea. But urs is a group essay.
no its a personal one. my group essays due tnight.
Y r u writting a personal essay.
like i meant its solo.
How long.
3 pages double sp.
Smd mines 10.
truuuuuu tho. TRUUU.
Tru.
yo did you leave man?. . . the quest to find a diamond 5 girlfriend continues.
Lollo.
yo wanna come to china town with me holden and my roomate?. did holden ask you already.
When?.
like rn. we were supposed to meet at 11. and its 11:02. me and jack r heading to ur place now.
Prob not gonna go.
awww shit.
I just woke up.
duuude comon itll be super good. la maison VIP.
Naw. .....
ssss. dude you sure?.
Lol ye.
yo tmrw night, you wanna go to that manaba party?.
. Wow, dude ur shit now. 8 in a row..
lol fuckkk. those bottom few were josh. on my account. and i was playig full ap thresh on his account. dude i dont play braum lol.
classic robert chen excuses..
. lololoolol. i see so much of myself in him..
Lolol.
LOL. YO. Travis Kalanick. wait oops. . LOL DUDE. I WON A 10 $ LEGUAE RP GIFT CARD. YEAHH. COOTTOOOOON TEAIL TEEMO. i MEAN FIZZ. lol YEAAAAH BOYS.
nice dude, gettin that $$$.
cotton tail teemo is so damn small.
fizz?.
yeah fizz i mean. its 10% smaller than normal fizz.
Shit dude. So small.
dude. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=942761912455574&set=a.119768184754955.17271.100001653238012&type=3&theater. this photo. just watch this photo. while listening to. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c. llooooooool.
yo do u have the prep book for 141.
no sorry man :/. just do practice finals for that one.
lol kk.. have u booked bus yet?.
not yettt. . league wheels <<<<<. ive always wanted to league wheels, but being on the receiving  end of it kind of makes me want to throw up. GG.
Lol. SALLY is a dirty dog.
yo im going to maison vip tonight to go eat for bday, you wanna come?. ask josh too.
hey man, cant go, Im on that macro econ grind..
aightt no worries.
Yo u message me?.
duuuude league. are you guys down to go get food soon?. like kantopoei or lola rosa.
Josh wants to eat. Im prob no gonna.
hmm kk. im in game rn. but at like 5:45.
Im going 2 my bros soon.
yo. another. -Gp.
im going to bed. night.
"Another"  - Gangplank. when you done ur exam?.
5.
aightt.
How was stats.
league at 8?. dude i fucking failed. sooo bad. but what ever.
Shitty what did holden think.
holden did decent i think. yo msg me when youre done your exam, il head over to your guys plaec.
Were done.
ohh kk. should i head over?. were cabbing there right.
Metro.
kkk. im heading over now. dude we're not doing league night tonight?.
I don't think so.
is there a party?.
At Natasha i thibk.
ohh i see. are you going?.
Lol nope. R u.
dude get on leageuee. when r u heading back to mtl?.
6th. Im flying tho.
ohhh kk. why not bus?.
My mom bought me tickets 4 xmas.
oh lol. nice.
Rift soon.
yeaaahson. tn?. are you with rdu and them?.
Naw Im in moncton.
ohh kk. visiting right. are you coming back to freddy?. for the new years mixxxer??.
Ye bb. R u going.
YE. im mixxxing. yo get on league tho.
Im visiting fam. Ill play 2nite later.
ahh kk. yooo. dilk. get on fma.
online already. what fucking acount is that.
lol. its my other smurf. dude you forgot josh.
He is playing next game.
its got the fabled. its got the fabled "green bars".
"41/7/3".
get on league. dan. u logging?. get on skype.
lol y?.
dude league.
come over.
im just gonna play fromhome. same thing.
naw. i only play irl.
duuude ur wifi is sketchy.
naw.
just get on man. comon i havent gotten high off drugs in so long. just let me take one hit.
im doing HW.
whaaaat. greasy is on. we need DILK.
u online?.
ye.
Yo how much is a gym membership?.
30. you guys wanna go today?.
idk 30 per month?.
semsetr. its a good deal.
where do u buy it/.
at the gym. it takes 5 seconds.
noice. I just wanna do cardio, how many bikes/treadmills do they have?.
yeah they have a lot. yo lets go today tho. me and holden were gonna play badminton. its open recreational drop in badminton at 1.
ye dude, me and josh will come and we can ply dobles. *doubles.
. yeaahh down. oops.
kk dope. also do they have rackets.
yeah i think so. you can borrow them. im reaching right now. your guys place.
Badminton?.
yo get on the riftt. yo licun banger tn, are you coming. bring ur laptop. dude get on league. ranked q. add me probladimir. and provladimir.
not in the mood bro. too tired.
afockingclown got perma banned. i dont have any accounts left. O.o.
Man wtf how do u keep doing this?.
lol idk. are you gonna come to my party tn. im going to st laruent restrauarant around 9.
Naw cant..
so i can  pick u guys up on the way bacl. oh ok. ceci. ceci tho.
Lol. yea that isnt gonna happen.
duuude. yo what happened with the app you guys tried to make?. that payback one.
Idk, We never got back to it. Did u have that meeting tonight for dobson cup.
im doing dobson cup and this guuys like"yo i got a killer idea". its literally your guys idea. except with interest rates. lol this kid thinks hes the next zuckerberg.
lol. Man the idea to add Interest rates is so fucking dummb]. also the dude should know that the app already exists. Some company in the states made it. I heard about it some time this summer..
yeah venmo right. theres an app called venmo. man i wanna write an app. secret udea. that someone already wrote. but im gonna write it anyways. fuck it. i thought of it first. il just make it different.
yea dude good luck.
. YES. THE ULTIMATE GOAL IS ALMOST achieved.
Next stop wife!.
first i carry her to diamond. then i give her the diamond ring.
lol.
whatever elo she is when i propose. is what metal she gets. gonna be hard if she gets to challenger, Ill need the flesh of Faker.
ahahaha.
YO. im at kantapoeia rn. and that chick from meet me halfway. who said i have had sex before". is here lolololol. she got her braces off tho.
hahahaahahha. U should say hey 2 her. How she lookin?.
so bad. my face when. . I get rdy for tokyo.
Lol.
dude i boned Lindsay. wemre dating now.
4reall???.
yeah man. it was so good i really like her a loy. lot*. well i guess weve talked for 6 months now. but only first met in person. were going to a mariancas trenchconcert in march. and im going back to toronto in two weeks for a banking competition. so ill get to see her a lot.
Shit dude.
plus my parents are moving to oakville.
Thats intense. When are ur rents moving 2 Oakville.
like pretty soon, probably this year.
Shit. Well congratz on the relationship. U think she will ever come 2 mtl?.
maybe. well like im seeing her every two weeks from now basically.
True.
like feb 19th weekend then march 11th weekend.
Where are u living  this summer?.
oakville or internship in china. wbu.
probs freddy.
ahh nice. bball with that boys.
Yee.
when you beat a chinese smurf too hard mid lane.
Mud horse. yo scumbag. where are my fuccking cookies.
dude come get them.
Not walking. U have 2 bring them 2 me.
1v1 me fizz for 10 times the payoff or loser takes nothing.
Why would I ever take that deal. When u leaving?.
yo. league boys?. wanna go to trottier to meet up. alll done the midterm season 2016. kinda fuked up finance but oh well its only 30%.
Josh is sleeping..
aight. let me know when youre up.
Kk.
yo get on rn ;).
😆😆😆.
. lol this is so sus.
Lol.
. guelph uni. .
. .
yo league soon?. you still in freddy or you back?. yo. this chick in this video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIx9Xzu7Pqc. went to a cegep school in mtl and my friend knows her lololololol. she dated doublelift LOL. https://www.facebook.com/Ravagurl?fref=ts.
Hahahaha. .
dude. i send you the past final. you send her the past final. she gives you the money. we split the profits. $$$$$$. deal?. dude.
Ya.
do you know how to make the starter pack memes.
Ahahha. What do u mean. I dont think there is an app. U just make it in photoshop.
dude i wanna make a holden koivu starter pack. gray hoodie. green jacket. shoes with no socks. .
Can i borrow ur blazer?.
. . .
Lol. Can u get that blazer tho.
what do you need it for.
Interview tmr morn.
oh true. sure man.
Can u bring it over. Come see holdens him presentation.
LOL tn?. im at cyber tech. working on my presentation. no time sorry dude. you can come get this blazer.
Yea dude my interview is tmr morn. Yea nvm. I feel like a blazer doesnt matter for the interview anyway.
dammmn bro good luck. what is the interview with again?. some company in montreal right.
naw, Its a freddy company.
. yo what do you think so far.
Its good.
. i made this finished version.
Yo it looks good. But make those ovals into circles. Way cleaner.
. we're going with this actually.
r u fucking kidding me. ur was wayyy beter. better.
haha oh actuallly?.
Like 100 times better.
haha oh well, i just made mine for jokes. how about this one. drawing inspiration from both. .
ahahahaahahh. That is just fucking terrifying.
get on league.
studying. cant.
fkkk. get josh?.
he quit league. How did the interview go?.
yooo pretty well. wanna play league. . im down to come over and play league. you guys wanan Q?.
Come over later.
do you guys wanna get food soon?. kantapoiea?.
Ye sure.
is holden down.
Idk ask him.
kk.
Where are u.
coming rn. by mclellan.
Kk. Wanna meet there.
duuuude.
what?.
im cominggg. im like by milton gates.
fine come over.
just let me drop my bag at ur place.
we havent left ye.
wanna get KBBQ tn. ask josh too.
josh and rachel want 2 go.
aighttt. what time. im at league of legends club rn. trottier. come rn.
idk message them. and no.
kk. ur not down tho. https://soundcloud.com/robert-chen-20/ghost-vs-sunshower.
Yo u get in?.
ya. I got in.
Congratulations!. What about holden.
Im not sure.
Did u ask..
No i didnt :/.
Do u think he got in?. Yo. Yooo.
?.
Can u ask percy. If he can send me what is on 219. I think he has a list.
yo just msg him man. https://www.facebook.com/percy.jackson.onite.
Idk him man. I just saw his name on his sweater. Thats how i knew it was him.
i can start a group chat.
Lol.
u want 3 way bjay?.
Dude just ask him. heard u quit manulife dude. why?.
its not finance at all. its basically like a call center lol.
Haha so are u working.
not right now. im still homeless. im under Wstmoreland St. Br. rn.
Nice.
but ya dude it kinda sucks. holdens got a pretty legit internship tho. on bay st. u in freddy now?. wanna get on the rift sometime. i literally just rift, workout, study HIM summer prep list, and hang out with lindsay every day now lol.
http://www.mcgilltribune.com/sports/where-are-they-now-in-conversation-with-simon-bibeau-mcgill-2011-2015123456677/.
goldman ny the dream. just kidding, too far for me man. reach RBC Capital Markets M&A.
man humble as fuck.
man fking fight me.
Yo, I hope i made a good impression on tony ren.. I am applying to HIM tmr...
I'm applying to fight club. the tryout is fighting daniel lutes outside bronfman.
good fucking luck with that.
oh ya buddi?. wanna GO buads. league tn?.
hw. cnt.
fkk. daniel to daniel.
Rip :((*(.
yoo you back in fred?.
Yee.
yo get on. we're waiting.
. when all ur networking pays off....
oh damnnn. get in to it. yoo are you guys going out to eat for your birthday?.
yea man, wanna come?.
yaa man im down. should I reach now?. yoo come chill. league?.
midterm tmr.
ahh ok.
yooo. When u took deductive logic was it recorded?.
hmm. ya i think so actually. but the prof i had doesnt teach it anymore i thonk. he was a sickkk prof.
Hallet. ?.
hmm forget his name. .
Lol.
the top unb student and the top renaissance college gal. name a more powerful alliance of houses.
ahahhahaha.
yo dan u guys home?.
Im not.
yo when r u in toronto?.
all summer man. u in toronto yet?.
im in milton rn with my family. at my house. but my lease starts may 5th at woodsworth. you start work already?. and wanna league. im on EKKKO.
ye man i started on the 1st. man i quit league.
man trueee. can I use your account as a smurf?.
yea if u want. DilkKing. password is whynot12.
yoyo. whats going on tn. im coming in to the 6.
Yoo. U moved in yet?.
yeye. just did. im exploring the path rn. just practiced the commute to work and the timing. gonna buy a router today some time. what you doing today?. work yet?.
Im working.
ahh yeah.
When do u start?.
june 5.
Damn. U got lots of time. Has holden started?.
ya. hes getting rekt. he was there until 12 lst night.
Holy fuckkk. Yo u eat ye? Wanna lunch?.
yeee. where u at. im at woodsworth rn. danny.
Yo. Im at my desk. I cant answer.
ahh kk.
Bobs bulgogi.
when?.
2?.
yo 1:50. i gtg after on the train.
Kk. Meet me at one queen. In the lobby.
kk. wait. wanna just meet at the place. im almost at bobs.
Kk. Sg.
il be there in 5 mins. fk loloo toronto is so big tho.
Lol kk.
yo wheres 1queen. is that cppib.
Ye. Im out front of bobs.
im by queen x yonge.
Kk just come 2 Bob's.
cant find the ntrance. im like at it on google maps. but dont see it. its on victoria st?.
Yo cross the street. I see u.
yoo. come to snakes and lattes. yooo. down to chill today?.
I am working. But i can chill after work. Wanna get a beer? Or i could go over 2 woodsworth or smthing.
geahhh. im down. lindsays coming over too. yeah we can chill woodsworth then go by ear. i think noah petkaus probs down to chill tn too.
Kk dope.
man you missed some fun games last night.
Lol yea i was really tired. Yo u at woodsworth now?. Imma reach soon.
yooo were at el furniture warehouse rn. its by woodworth 5 min walk. a restaurant with 4.95$ everything. wanna reach?.
Yea sure. Its gonna take me like 20 mins 2 get there. But ye.
kkk aight. we just got here. so should be plenty of time.
Dope. Here where u at?.
its the one on bloor right. . . tony ren new look.
Hahaha fuck.
who would have thought hes an investment banker. yo what are you doing todayv.
Hanging w my bro.
ahh  nice. down to hit the rom?. meet up for fireworks tn?.
Yeye.
you coming to TBP?.
Yee.
niceee. wanna come pre at woodsworth and walk over with me.
Naw. Im still at my bros. Imma just go over after.
kkk. are you metroing or walking. wait your bro lives in toronto?.
Imma metro.
kkk. yoyo. wanna get bobs bulgolgi. im by it rn.
Naw man.. I had to do something this afternoon at work and i cant leave.
kkk. no worries. yoo. wanna meet up for dinner tn?. what r u saying.
Lol. Im in Niagara Falls. Tmr?.
true. saying. working tnrw. but done on thursday.
Kk. Friday? I whens holder done?.
ya. and aug 18. yo kicking back onto the rift this august?.
Lol naw. Got a bunch of coding projects i need to work on..
true. yooo chill tn. ?.
Naw man. I have plansss.
oh true. what r u doing?.
At my bros.
ahhh. you guys down to chill?. chillean zilean.
Aahaha. Naw man. U on the rift?.
ye. yoyo. chill tn?.
Yo, tonight?.
yeye. what time tn?.
8?.
yaya. watcha wanna do?.
get drinks? is holden working tongiht?.
ya like buy drinks and chill or go somewhere for drinks?. I think hes at his cottage. but shoul dbe coming back tn.
just grab drinks and chill at ur place.
aight downb.
kk.
meet up soon?.
Yea. Ill head over to woodsworth in 10.
oh yo. wait im at queens quay with parents rn. gimme like 45- mins.
Kk. Yo u back at ur place yet?.
yo ya be back in 5 mins. you can reach now.
Kk.
ya just got back. bringing a couple brews?.
Naw, i forgot beer store closed at 5pm..
ahhh true. nah I have some sang. sangria naked grape but its weak stuff. Amar buzzie.
Hahahah.
oh rip everywheres closed sunday.
Some bars are open. Yo. Im out front.
you here dog?. aight coming down. to get you.
Kk.
yoyo dan. can I leave some stuff in your apartment for 2 h tmrw morning?. / tn?. rly need it for moving.
yea man.. sure. np.
ahh thanks a lot man. youre in mtl?.
But I am not there tho. so idk how u will get in. is holder in mtl yet?.
oh rip. no hes jot. whos there haha. oh shit is no one there?.
shit, no one is there then. i guess u cant.
yo when are you back?.
the 9th. U moved into ur place yet?.
yeaah. we gotta have league nights man.
yea.
. . 3525 durocher. thats the setup.
oh damn, thats sweet. Do u have a roomate.
ya one roommate. nathaniel kostiw gill.
oh nice.
yoyo. dan. quick what two compclasses should i take. after comp 202. I have to sign up. for two electives. 250?.
206 273 and 250 are ur only options i think.
which two are good for practical coding. 250 and 206?.
yes. 273 isnt practical. 250 isnt really that practical either. but its pretty good.
oh hmmm. so i will still learn a lot. like you think id like it?.
yea, u would prob like 250. U learn some pretty useful things in the class.
yooo this looks like a sick company to work at. https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/6bhjy6/d_does_anyone_here_work_at_element_ai_if_so_what/. btw i took comp 206. couldnt get into 250. and c seems useful.
The language c?.
ya.
Yea, its has very specific applications..
yo im taking comp 230 instead. man wanna league tn. dILK.
naw cant tonight. When I get back thoo.
kk aIGHT. lol. . this quiz is just hard enough to make coel storey feel smart but just easy enough to make coel storey still feel smart. https://www.women.com/shannon/quiz-only-people-with-iq-range-140-149-know-the-meaning-of-these-17-words.
ahahahah. . a good way to  describe coel.
lolol. did you try to quiz. did you get 100% einstein?.
yea, man, i got 100. I guess having the vocab of a 13 year old makes me a genius..
llolololol. this quiz was actually designed for coel storey. ll.
.
jesus. he's done this quiz multiple times.
ahahahaha.
you think he'll ride this shtick all the way to MLA Board of Directors?.
ahahaha, man, i hear is resume is just a copy of the results of the test....
yyo. i have a coding question.
lol kk sup.
is there a way to automate like entering searches into a website. and then also recording the results in like a csv or excel.
ye.
like we essentially have a list of names in excel. and we wanna search them all on rocket reach. its a website which finds emails to names. and then we want all the emails in excel. like would that be a hard thing to implement?.
If anyone in ur group know python it wouldn't be hard.
could you do it?.
ahahaha, im busyyy.
we could pay you. its for JED my project.
haha, how muchhhh.
how many hours would it take you. well im not sure how hard a task is so idk whats fair haha.
4 prob.
like how long would you guess.
wait when do u need it for?.
hmm maybe by end of next week?.
kk, yea, it just depends on how much $$.
20 per hour you said 4H so 80$?. 80 flat regardless of how many hours tho.
hmm, yea sure. yo, do you have the login shit for rocket.
ya we do. do you know how to webscrape?.
yea.
You missed a call from Robert.. You missed a call from Robert..
in library.
is it easy to webscrape all linkedin names. with the skill "nursing educator". so basically we need to search on linkedin all names with "nursing education" as a skill. which we tested and works.
wait, is this different from rocket search?.
then we need to scrape all those names and also their city or some other property into excel. then we wanna rocket search all of those names and save down all of the emails. is that doable.
ah, kk. So you have the list of nursing educators?.
so we need to webscrape them. if you linkedin search nursing education and press "people with nursing education as a skill". we want all of the search results that pops up. so thats like using a webscraper to import that right.
yea.
ohh kk but ya would that be a hard thing to do too?.
It isn't really 'hard' conceptually, its just time consuming..
ohh kk true. i coul dprobably figure out the scrape thing. but the list of names to rocket reach thing. can you do that?. just use a filler list of names for now.
Yea sure. What day do u need it by?.
dope dope. friday. you down to agree?. lock in? lmk asap.
Like today, or next Friday.
next friday lolol. you in mtl still?.
Yea kk ill lock in.
kk nice. you down to league today?.
Naw. Im leaving soon to go to the states.
yo actually we ran into a problem, rocket reach only has around 200 searchs per month. and we wanna search like 1M emails. so we might try a different approach.
Ahahaah. Kk  let me know.
yoo dan. wait for me dawg.
. In game rn. Next one tho.
yeye. You missed a video chat with Robert.. yoo. reach my base for league.
naw my brother is over.
ya everyone reach. to just chill. rdu.
rdu isnt here. he went out. to old port.
damn. ahhh. yoyo. wanna go eay. eat.
Yoo. Yooo.
yoyoto. reach.
In ur lobby.
Hey.
 what do i have to do for history>\.
what i told emily and rachel to do was the 500 words thing, then we'll sort everything else out tomorrow.
Hey, do you have the short asner questions for the exam?. ** answer.
i have the four that i'm answering, do you want them?.
Yes!.
Briefly explain the importance of the Army in Roman Society and why the Army was so successful.Briefly describe the Punic Wars and their significance to Rome.Explain the problems Martin Luther had with the way the Roman Catholic church was being run and what he did about it.Create a diagram of the Feudal pyramid and briefly describe each persons role in feudal society.i can't believe you're just getting these questions right now.
Haha, Thanks. I just hope its easy... :P.
Hey.
 Yo dude. Do u live in the neatherlands now??.
Hey! Danny!. Not really, im just visiting. How you doing bro?.
im good man!!! How long you there for?.
Two more weeks.
Shit.how long u been there?.
Hey.
 Hey justice, i was just talking to judy and she said she doesnt have your application form, so i was wondering if you do..
Hey what time are you coming in for prod day?.
Last year i usually came in at 730. So probably then if that works for u..
Ok! Yeah that's fine. I messaged you on slack and didn't hear back so just wanted to make sure you didn't forget about us 😬.
ahaha, oh my bad..
Are you coming in at 6 ?.
Yea y is the room full of those ppl?.
come to board room!.
Im outside rn.
its opinion meeting.
Ahh kk.
Hey Can you put on an ad on the website ASAP?. nvm i got it.
yo, it should have been up. oh fuck, there was another one.
ye. i realized it was just through a plugin so i took care of it.
nice thanks!.
can you do some quick wp things for me. . can you adjust the padding or margin so images dont have so much white space around em. and also and possibly more complicated can you add to the css a class that changes opacity for images on hover. the image in the above pic opens a light box and i need some way to make it actually clickable.
yea sure, ill see what I can do.
tyvm!.
yo can u link me the article you screen capped?.
its just a draft. titled lightbox demo. not sure how to link to a draft.
kk. thx. kk, made the changes. If u want the hover thing add the class lightbox to image tag. lmk if the margin is small enough..
nice let me see. hey. both things look great. thanks so much.
Np!.
hey, when are you coming into the office today to work on the creative supplement?.
ariella said she was gonna message me once all of the pieces were selected so I could come in then..
ok we should have decided in the next hour or so. itll prob make the most sense that when you come in ill show you everything in person. and where it'll go.
yea makes sense.
come by when you can so we can get going.
Kk ill come noww. Yo im getting dinner rn. Ill send u those files in a bit..
Saw your post in textbook exchange, is your stats book still available?.
Its on hold, I'll let u know if the deal falls through tho! :).
please let it fall through!. i need it :D.
LoL. Do you have KMAC.
what. LOL.
kenneth mackenzie.
oh!. Yeah i do!. im actually terrified of the class he seems super sweet but kind of rambly and difficult.
Really easy class, I think the class ave was B+..
lol oh that isn't too bad. any study tips for the terrified 2nd year econ major?.
Ahah, Make a good crib sheet for the exams, and you'll do good..
crib sheet?.
He lets u have like a cheat sheet.
cool is it one page or 2. am i allowed to put sticky notes on it. LOL.
hahah, one paper, double sided!.
Oh ok!. In terms of course load does it require just basic consistent homework. And he gives fair exams?.
Its not much work. And the exams as pretty easy. He trys to give everyone an A..
ok nice ;)i saw that u know Sarah Allison =), she was a JC in my CISV Village !!!see u in Prague ;).
oh yeah, sarah is awsome:D it is cool that we both know her :D so have you met you deligation??.
GO ON SKYPE OR OOVOO I'M WITH RICKY & NICO. :D.
OOVOO?.
THE OTHER SKYPE IT'S THE SAME.
is it Jean?. is it?.
YES.
kk.
BUT THE ITALIAN GUYS ARE HERE.
OMG THEYRE SOOOOO HOT <3 ahhh.
WHAT DA FUCK MAN.
srry some guy has controoll over my facebook....:(.
ok. Hey :Dmy mom is going to book my flight at the end of the week so i need to know if i can stay at your home from the 22 till the 29 otherwise i'll go directly to my camp and i won't be able to visit you and your delegation :/hope to see you this summer :)hugs.
Hey man, srry, but my family is ging away on vaction..
hey! how's it going?.
Good. Do you have the wrong person tho?.
not at all! can I ask you what you do for work? or are you currently a student?.
Yea, im a student. But im working for the summer. Whats up?.
I just recently got in a business, and i'm looking for sharp people who might be interested in increasing their cash flow. Do you know anyone that might be interested in this sort of opportunity?.
How much $ are we talking?.
with enough work and the more we expand in Fredericton, it could make a very good living!.
What is the business?.
I just started recently and I don't have the most details, but man trust me it's super interesting and is gonna be really popular in Fredericton soon! I could actually get you to meet my executive who will show you what he showed me, are you available tomorrow night?.
Wait, how do you know it pays well if u just started?.
it explains all of it in the presentation my executive showed me..
What is the business name?.
God I miss you! Everything is so boring now :c And your shoes! God I miss them2 ;DI so can't wait till next year! We'll have so much fun! Oh and I have to meet your brothers : D They sound so cool! Of course not cooler than you ;D Haha .After a month you're like a brother to me and I can't wait to see you again, you awesome boy ;)How is it going with your six-pack?? ;D Hahaha !Looove ya!*.
Man i miss you so much to your are such a awesome person to be around. and i think you will love my brothers, there so cooli am so sad without you and Jakob :(  things are so boring here too.... and my six pack is doing great, its more like a 12 cant wait to see you next year]much love :D.
Still can't forget that you called me perfect ;D That's the sweetest anyone has ever said to me :DMiss you and love you!And it's good that you now have a 12 pack! I bet you're stronger than Jakob now xD.
Oh yeah im totally stronger :D. Hey have u talked to jakob lately, he has not been on fb for like a month?!?.
yeah his fb is hacked:/.
Oh, so he doesn't have it now?.
no, but today he told me that he found a way to get it back.
Oh, cool did him and camillia break up?.
Hey.
 hey man, all things are good on this end. How is BC?.
boring :P. I miss all you guys very much.
Isn't BC the place to be?.
some places, in my case I'm in a small town with only 2000 people and nothing to do.
Oh wow, that must be bad. How is school?.
very simple, but I enjoy it. How's everyone up there?.
I can't really speak on the collective feelings of Fredericton, but all things considered things here are okay. That always seems to be the case, never good or bad, just... Meh..
Sorry I'm selling it to someone tomorrow, but ill let you know if it falls though!. So the other person actually already got the book, are you still interested?.
yup!.
cool, are you available tomorrow on campus?.
yea, my first class is at 4:30 will you still be on campus then?.
ya sure, could we meet at 4:15 in the mclennan lobby?.
sure.
Hey.
 hey man can you make a copie of that sheet in franch i dont have mine.
in french for tomrorw , in the morning in rise n shine.. hey, wanna hangout before jackob leaves, or is cisv too busy.
Yeah, we are busy but oneday we will be able to, when do u want to?.
any day really, expect for hampton, i have a soccer tounrnumant all day. on saturaday*.
okay you can come over tomorrow {monday} what time, i wrote on ur walll. Do uhave the games yet?.
yea i do, i got when you were at magic moountain.
K cool. TAKE ME BACK!!!see ya thursday :P. Dont forget those sheets for the Duke of Enibourough.
bring modern warfare tmr!.
k i will. David is being a jerk say you bought the game from me for15.
u stilll have bad company 1.
Maw..
let me borrow one of your old uncharted games today for the weekend, dont fucking forget!.
opps.
"ooops". your a dumb shitt.
i will beat you with in an inch of your life.... Karim, My mom wants to know if we can buy some somosas from u saturday afternoon... when wil be in moncton in the morn,.
kk, get your mom to call my parents tmr...my dads cell is 470-7700, he'll get you samosas anytime.
sligin' dat crack rock,.
fucking craka...
wanna hang tmr>?.
i have basketball at im free after 7 though, we should have a dudes get together.
yeah we can have a sleep over here....
where?.
my place...?.
kk i'll ask my dad tmr..hes sleeping now... Daniel! The dudes aren't coming to your house for various reasons , I have soccer.
Fuck all y'all!.
lololol...we are terrrible peps.
U still teaching english.
im with some spanish kids tonight. until theyre plane leaves.
Are they from spain?.
barcelona. theyre cousins, you back from France?.
Yerah, I got back a week ago, si how was the job?.
i forgot it was a job cause i hung out with the students more than making sure they speak english...
How many people were there?.
85 then about 7 leaft beacuse they were home sick. what about your camp?.
like 30, where were the 7 from?.
Quebec, Newbrunswick. Only 10 people were from France, Italy and Spain. the rest were from Canada.
How would they get home sick. How long were they away from home???.
i dunno, they all left  in the first week though cause they didnt know much english and couldnt carry a conversation. this is basically my last day though.
What are u doing for the rest of the summer?.
volunteering, soccer and studying chem and physics for next year. and fasting.
studying in the summer, Soo chill man@!.
dont hate my smartness man.
if u were smart u wouldnt need to study..
tushay. are you going to joshes.
yeah, you?.
no, i cant really bring the students to homes in the city. were on STU campus.
as if you would come anyway..
thats cold. i would have used fasting as an excuse.
tuff guy, are u going to joli's thing?.
goota check my sched,. im kind of a busy man dan.
Sounds like it, Well i am leaving for josh's wixsh me luck....
crissed my fingers. crossed*. is "language" in question 3 of the article of the week the same as "tone" of the article?.
i think.
Hmmmmmm. Is the article due tomorrow? I.
yea.
Or just the close reading thing.
all of it. whats ur edmodo username and password?.
karim. ir@gmail.com. urbanstate as the password. dude.
thx. whats the break down on the chem test?.
Multiple choice, molar mass table, classifying reactions dissocation and everything on our quizzes basically.
give me a quote.
for what.
that damn assighnment.
which one specically.
8.
“. . . all I can say is, it does seem a lot of fuss to make about so little. In civilized countries, when a boy wants to have a girl, he just. . . But where are you going, John?”. huxley 117. john becomes fimiliar with the world state and start to hate it.
thnx.
beacue he wishes he was there. robert showed me your convo. hilarious.
fuck that guy.
<3. can i see your lab for a sec? i dont exactly know what to put for the superball experiment, i'll send mine once done.
.
also do i need to know the history of microscopes for the quiz ?. do you mind if i use the info you had for the super ball experiment? i didnt copy down the info we took down during the testing.
sure.
god, your a nice guy.
fuck off. also what should I do for my louis quick write.
a little religion will fix you up.
AWNSER.
i said he was a good guy- you need to take one side or the other- you cant say be was good and bad. if i were you id look up info you didn't really learn in class and mention it in your quick write, she likes it when you go above the standards.
Where are you?.
Fuck u.
flee market?. new profile pic? <3. .
so beautiful.... what other good ones do you have on your camera?.
.
SO DOPE.
Sub 7 we will be working on the lab\.
i dont think i'll be able to come today, what sections should i work on, i'll do it tonight. guess whose goin vegetarian. THIS GUY.
AHAH why??.
I dunno,  I just wanna try it. I dont imagine its that difficult right?.
It is really easy.
Thats  what  I thought. Also can you send me a couple pictures you took during karimscorner. karims corner twittter Page:. check that shit out.
Where?.
Search karimscorner in caps.
Cant find.
Hold one one sec.
k. little delay.
I know I know, theres an issue with the verification of the account so i think I may need to make I new one, im just trying to figure out why Twitter won't let me log on to the account.
:'(.
You understand me soo well. paramecium caudatum. stentor coeruleus. euglena gracillis. volvox aureus.
thx.
your soo unthankful, you cant even spell out "thank you" for me.
srryy.
fuck. Bacteria can cause disease by releasing toxins into the body.. this is true right.
yes. 10 is false though. one sec actualy i can give you all the awnsers.
yea, it only has dna or rna, those are the only similarities, right.
ya\.
do u remember what u got?. im done mine, i wann see if i got them correctly.
its tell you.
hmmm, nvm, im submitting it.
How was the test?.
Apparently it was the exact same as the one last semester you can study off that if you have it.
Was there a chart on the back?.
A chart?. There was a chart of the 6 domains. You have to give an example and 2 taits of each domian.
Ye, okay, was there alot of protis labling?.
No! Like 2 for each protist, there in the textbook. The paramecium,  euglena,  and ameoba.
kk thats what is on the last semtest. yeah.
Yea so don't worry about the test.
KK good. Can I get skyrim back?.
no. yes.
Hey when do you want me to come over?.
Any time hot stuff.
Sweet.
lets gooooooooooooo.
U homeeeeeee from the sudan yettt?.
Yuppp.
How was it?.
it was hot, loud, and crowded just like every other visit.
Sounds like my first marriage. When u get back?.
couple days ago, the 28th i think. the same day ella miller had her party.
Ahahha did you go to that?.
i got back at like 9 so i just went to bed. there was no point of going its not like i wouldve enjoyed it.
Hhahah. Yeah. It ended at 20 mins after it started because Charles Doak punched someone in the face. Got kicked out, called the cops..
that rascal.
Will says hey.
cutie pie. that jaw line is breath taking.
Will says he would say the same about you, but its not true..
i like a man who can speak the truth.
Tmr nite crews getting together to hang. U wanna come. #NewYears..
I dont imagine I have to help my rents tmr, just text me.
U want me to do ur ww?.
somebody or already did it Dudee.
kk. Have u done the english assignment yet??.
like 2 questions im working on it rn.
Can u send me what u got for 2A?.
i basically summarized this article. it basically talks about how he struggles to murder the king beacuse he doesnt possess the ruthless attitude lady macbeth has to kill King Duncan. just look at scene 7 from act 1. can i see your #3 & 4 if you have it done, dont understand either one.
Neither do I. I didnt do them...
do you think its due tomorrow.
Yea  im just gonna ask her about it tmr....
kk. can you explain #4, or do you not understand it either.
I dont get it really.  Its like how does archetypal analysis of the works enrich the overall message..
So can it be assumed that using examples from how it connects to the fall of adam and Lucifer is not the correct way of answering the question?.
Thats not really what shes asking for..
Hmmmm. I'll b in mtl this whole weekend, r u moving into McGill?  We can chilllllll.
Doppe. Im going up tmr. Where u stayin?.
Idk yet hahaha. I might stay with an friend if she had the space if not in sure I can find a cheap hotel for one night,  but yea when ever ur free I can probably make my way to McGill.
What night do u need a room. U can prob stay wit my bro.
Where does ur bro stay? Im at the bus station rn. Its just for today.
In his apartment. Ahaha..
Ahhh your a comedian huh. Yea I think I'll bunk with Mahdi.
Ahaha. Kk.
Hes like 40 minutes away but whatever.
When are u leaving mtrl?.
Until tmr night i leave at 10:20 pm.
Dope. We should hang after I move in.
Yea let's do it. Just tell me when ur done.
Kk dop. . Merry Christmas.
Great Couple!. couple of the year. great guy brandon. i know ur the only one who listens to as many podcasts as I do, i thought you might like this.
Already listen to it. ITs soo fucking good! I got josh and rachel listening to it.
ahhhh i just finished all 11 episodes today, just in time for thursday. more murders = more serial podcasts!!!.
hahha. yeah, im thinking of committing a couple of murders to get on the show.. Are u done exams yet?.
2 moree!!!! tomorrrow and Wednesday Night then im free. whens the last day for Mcgill Students??.
friday. I finish Wednesday tho..
so you'll be back Thursday???.
naw. I leave thursday night.  Im back friday morn.
oki dokes, theres a party friday so if your not too tired u should try to stop by.
ahah where. ur place.
mama and papa  ir are hosting.
tight.
they'll be bartending. nah im not sure if you know Djordje, some serbian Kid from ESA, i know he's having a bunch of ppl over.
I hear mohammed makes a mean long island ice tea. Oh shit.
he with most of us in engineering.
I know him.
DJJJJJJJJ.
he was in cisv. good guy.
yea hahhaah he literally does everything.
cousin to stank.
but less flamboyant.
ahaha, yeah hes like stanko if stanko was a good guy and normal. whos goin?.
me, daniel he, amir, i think richard will show up, tanya, idk nobody is really in town right now. idk i need to get back 2 CS, i'll c u on Friday. XOXOXOXOXOXO.
ahaha pce. Im on a bus with ur brother..
hahahahaah no fucking way. amro. r u sitting next to him?.
Ahaha hes a seat ahead. He just noticed my and josh..
yea he's coming from Ottawa, i guess i'll see you two in the morning. r u freee tonite?.
Naw. I am tmr night  and so on.
Alright.
Hang with me and ricjh 2 night? ?.
yee i'll b over.
Yo when u comin.
im doing some work for my dad today, i cant come. On behalf of the  ir family, yummy samosas, and the Republic of Sudan, we's like to wish you a happy belated birthday!. although realistically sudan would behead an atheist rather than wish him/her a happy birthday. nevertheless happy birthday.
Ahahahahahah thx. Man ur birthday  is coming up too. Make sure u get ur birthday  shots at klub krome!!!.
already have tix to KK and plans 2 watch 50 shades of grey. are you coming to fredericton on March Break or staying in MTL?.
Going going back  back to freddy freddy..
Noiceeeeeeeeeeeee.
Whens ur reasing week?.
March break, a bunch of people are going to mtl from engineering so I was wondering if I should stay or go. But since your coming to Freddy I'll just chill here.
Aha. Kk. Who is going up?.
Daniel, barn Hill, djordje, raiyan, amir and some other randoms in Eng.
Ahaha. Are they driving?. Also wtf why is raiyan going?.
Yea they are leaving on the weekend. Raiyans in Eng and she's kinda apart of the group so shes going. .
Ahah. Rich is going to be in mtl too. Also  how was klub khrome. Did u do ur 19 birthday  shot?. Shots*.
It was lights out!!! I went the 20/20, Kk. Me n Kelly McCarth destroyed vday.
Ahahaha. Did she drop out of mt a?.
Yea like a week into it. Frosh week was the only interesting part.
Ahahha. Wadda dead a beat..
A dead beat with a a nice butt.
Ahaha. Thats her instagram  bio word for word....
Bad bitch with a bad booty should be her bio. She has a couple weird that's now.
Ahaha. When are ppl going  up  to mtl..
First of March.
Are hoteling?.
You should stay in mtl for raiyan. Yeaaaa. I've 10 peps are going.
My main gurl! Shit thats alot. What are they doing there.
Like×. Clubbing for most.
Dhe up in da klub.
Holy shit you should actually stay for them with for a day. Get a dose of raiyan and to reminisce on her ridicoulsness.
Lol y.
I see this girl every day.
Ahahah. That sounds terrible.
It's not fair.
Ahaha. U should  go up to mtl man..
I considered it but then I figured summer would be a better time to.
True that. U going to osheaga?.
I can head up right before you go back to school. Idk maybe osh, I wouldn't go to the show itself cause I don't think I'd enjoy it very much.
Lol. Why not? Too many drunks?.
Yea I don't think osheaga is meant to experienced when completely sober.
Probs true. Haha. Its pretty dope tho. Either  way if u come up in the  summer then u can stay at me and josh's place.
I think I might do that. I'll come by for like 4 or 5 days. Also I really like don't wanna see raiyan in mtl.
Ahahahah. Annoying  ppl are alot worse when  drunk.. Did u have a snow day today??.
Nahh the roads were fine to get to Unb in not sure why high school was cancelled, Where the roads bad in mtl???.
We hardly  get snow here. Its just always  cold as fuck. I heard u guys  have got a shit  ton of snow this winter.
Yea its impossible to see over the snow banks and the roads are half as wide as they should be.
Aahaha. Wait have u got ur drivers license  yet?.
Ahhhhh yeaaaaaa. Believe it or not I'm a good driver. Mohamed trusts me. I never drive since I'm always at unb.
.
Girls say their panties Sr soaked once they see Mohamed drive by in the samosa mobile. My father is currently in 3 affairs.
Ahahah. U and jliu  should drag race  when  im back in freddy. See who  the real tokyo  drift is..
Name the time and place and I'll whoop his ass.
Ahahah. He will most definitely  crash his car. He is absolute shit..
yea didnt he crash his mum's kia??. lets talk later i have to go into my lab now homie.
Ahah yeah. Dont die in  labs.
When u coming back homez. More importantly is jliu coming.
Im back Saturday  morning. Josh is back Saturday  night..
Ahhh I see you two are in a middle of a fight. Well stop my the market if you aren't tired or we can do something sat night.
Ahaha. Rich bitch is flying home.. Im on the bus like a goddamn pleb.
Nothing but the best for Richard! You know he's coming back next year  to Unb.
Rich bitch is jliu. Keep up karim. And yeah i know. Lol. Interesting  decision..
Ahhh I thought we were engaging in a Richard bashing session,too soon I see.
Richard is also a ritch bitch. Were u surprised  to   hear he is coming back?.
Yea I was surprised, I thought he was liking Queen's, and having fun with Shirley &  other white Asian girls. All the pieces are falling in place, now you should transfer to UNB CS. Were you surprised.
Ahaha. Yeah i really was. Pretty drastic . He says its for math. But i think its really for tesss..
I think he doesn't really enjoy business, and yea he says he wants an apartment in Fredericton and he'd want yo live with Tess. Moving in with your girlfriend is like the step before proposing to her.
yeah, i wonder if they are gonna get married... lol.
Who would be his best man.
alvin, cuz alvin would plan the most bitchin bachelor partyy.
Alvin's getting a lap dance in mtl Hahahaha. Atleast that's the plan.
ahaahah, jesus. He is talent scouting for richards bachelor party..
He'll come back to Freddy with a teardrop tattoo and a black stripper named Brandi XXX.
ahaha, what will lua thiink! Josh mac was telling me today that we are all going out to dooleys sometime next week.
Pshhhhhh lua will come crawling back into Alvin's clutches. Yea did he tell you about his weird Dooley's encounter? I wouldn't mind being apart of a pub crawl.
He briefly mentioned a drunk dude to me. Haha, do u see much of dren this year?.
I saw dren when I had the time he was only he first semester, he's really the same as grade 8 dren. Kylie and Rachel messer are the hottest girls he knows. I'm probably gonna go to bed now, I rarely stay up til 1130, if Iqbal found out she'd kicked me out the house!.
. hAha, ight night, see u soon.
Jawsh wants to hit the night tomorrow. U down u clown. r u free after your dinner party.
Can u only go out tonight?.
well josh said we can probably go to his place tonight. I'm gonna ask my mum and dad, if I go out tonight I most likely cant go out tmr.
yeah, sure, Ill be done eating at like 8. are we gonna go to dooleys?.
idk Ask Josh I dont mind either way.
k.
yea so he's picking me up between 8-9. you wanna come?. Are you busy this weekend?.
Im leaving!.
saturday or sunday?.
Saturday.
this is unpleasant. well then i'll c u in 5 weeks ahaha.
Haha ye dude. 󾆧.
. Dan the man. Can Peggy get me an internship at stantec.
She basically  is a janitor  there so prob not.. She told me that bennet wilsons bro use to but they stoped hiring inters to save money.
ahhhh well i wasnt expecting to get paid, isnt that what an internship is? I would literally do anything to say I worked there for the summer, thanks for the help thought!.
Yeah  ill let her know. She out of town this summer. But if u dont want to be paid then there maybe something..
yea im down for a couple of weeks of doing working for them for free, depends on when they can have me. osheaga awaits.
Ye.
still wanna watch Coherence today?.
tmr?.
okay noooooo probleemmmm.
Bars 2 night???.
I would love to but i have a lot of work to do for my dad today :(.
Also were staying at jmacs.. Can u not come out 2nite?.
damn what time are you heading over?.
Idk  8 maybe or later.
If I can get all my work done by 8-9 then yea I'll join you guys.
Dopppe.
I'll text you.
Sexy. U wit jliu.
Nahhh I'm at home and he's at his mansion. did you and josh leave to dolly's yet?. dooleys*.
Not yet.
Hmmmmm perhaps lemme know if you come in town I'll meet you guys.
Kk. Were going to dooleys at 9..
It'll probably take me 2-3 hours to finish what I'm doing. Downtown or uptown?.
Down.
Aight. yea i won't finish till 12 or 1 so i probe won't see you dudes tonight.
All good man. We should watch coherence this weekend..
I'm free tomorrow if you aren't too busy I'm just gonna pick up a phone and get a haircut.
Idk. I may or not be busy. Ill prob have to be home for a bit to job search and shit. U free tmr nite?.
Yeeee tmr night I can probably spend the night some where. I can probs see if I can get a room at unb to watch the movie.
Dope..
They have huge projectors.
Yeah. Im really pumped to see that movie again!. H3y. Cant come out to nite.
No problem dudeee. We can go out Saturday.
. Female jack ball.
NOOOOOOO. I have yet to find a Daniel lutes doppelgänger.
Ur one was so good..
I knowwww. Man I can't stop watching ocktv hahah.
Hahaha. So bad man.. U free 2 chill?.
Yea man I'm just a waiting for my my to come home to celebrate her bday and Mother's Day then I'm free for the night.
Kkk.
Ima message you when I'm done soon.
K.
wanna chill now, where do you wanna meet?.
Just came homme.
so nooo. or y. or maybe.
Naw. Have to eat. U coming out 2nite.
yea what time.
I dont know. Prob like 9 or 10.
do you know everyone is meeting? the cap?.
Naw. No ideaa.
It's Tom smarts bday dude. It's a joyous day.
Its my christmas.
It's the most wonderful time of the year!!!!!. When are you gonna finish eating. I'm going to jacks it your in town you should stop by his place!. Idk what where doing tonight but it's a start. Also sorry for spamming you but we should play Fifa hahahha.
Ahhaha. Rich is coming 2 my place at like 830. Then were going to jacks.
Niceeee teamwork. You should download coherence and bring to jacks.
Tooo late.
. This can't be real right. Like the legitimacy is outrageous hahah.
Google that area code. I got some of these in mtl. When they message a number its got 2 b fake..
Im getting fucked tonite boys!!!!. Yea it's a NY number hahah.
Hahaha. Maybe she is real an no one want to fuck her.. Go 4 it dawg.
Hahahah might as well it's not like I'm actually gonna fuck her hahahh. I'll get back to u on dis.
Dont get murdered man!. . Pat.
Boys, bikes, babes!. This is a very unsettling picture. Wanna hang with me Jmac and Chris  tonite.
Wut time.
8:30. cHRIS said he has to be home930 so it may be u me n jmac if your down.
Sure.. Where.
I wanna get some food tonight. We're also going to watch mad max tmr.
Im innn.
So you can save your money for that I guess. So 8:30? I think he's picking me up at UNB.
Can he pick me up?.
Ask him he probably can. Brah. I'm going to montreal on the 15th to the 21st. Are you going to be in town?.
Ill be there the 18th and 19th but im righting an exam the 19th..
Aha really for what?. Damn man.
Calc. I deferred. Jliu is already living there. What are u going up for?.
I have a family friend came from Egypt. Damn man have you been studying. So j Lou will be there.
Yea he will be there!.
Ahhh sweet I'll send him a message. Can you think of anything fun in town that I can take my friend to.
U can go to old port, there is a bunch touristy things down there..
Thanks man, do you have any clubs in mind cause he seems ultra eager to turn up.
Ahahhaha. There are a ton. Is he a bro or a hipster?.
Hmmmm. Neither really. But he can do both he just wants to dance hahah.
Ahaha, go Korova. or Tokyo is shitty.
Aight we'll hit up both, if you have time in Montreal chill with us.
yea sure dude. Whats this guys name?.
Ahmed, he's from Egypt and he's just chilling in Canada before school. Kinda like what I did in London last year.
oh cool. how old is he?.
21. Peak age.
so prime.
Exactly what I said hah. But yea. Even if your in Fredericton you should chill with us.
Is he coming to freddy?.
He's already in town he came here when I was at elp. one more question, sorry.
Shoot.
do you know if the clubs are open during the weekdays cause we are going to be there from sunday night to Friday morning.
Alot of them are. Korova is.
okay we just wanted to make sure. clubs are a priority for him right now, thanks man hahaha.
This guy sounds like a real pussy hound..
Josh recommended I take your keys from you since we're staying at his place. Can I get them from you between now and tomorrow?.
When are staying there?.
From Sunday night to Friday morning. I'm back in Fredricton Friday at 5 pm.
Okay. Ill drop them off at ur place today..
What time?.
Like 30 mins.
Ahh okay my mom is home I'm at the prayer.
Ill just leave them on ur front steps.
She can take them from u it's okay.
Kk.
Thanks man.
Np np. Hey man i at Harriet Irving Library. Can u tell me ur login to get wifi?.
k ir. Urbanstate14+.
Thanks man!.
.
U have my keys dude.
Nah brah.
!!!.
I left them in your table in Montreal.
Shitt kk. Nvm. I have more.
Hahha. Sorry.
U hear jmac is getting a place.
I thought I might easy to leave it at your place. Haha yea I got his snap chat this is gonna be a good year for him.
Ahaha. He is paying 280 a month..
What the fuck. Does that include utilities too?.
Prob not lol.
I need to see him soon anyways haven't seen him in months.
I know man, its been so long.
Y'all wanna chill this weekend. Before everyone leaves again.
Ye def!.
Aight I'll try to put something together for Sunday.
Im gone sunday. Ball game sat.
Shit ahhaha. Friday it is.
Oh kk. Sure.
I'll ask around.
Friday. Kk.
damn daniel. back at it again in Fredericton.
. We dem boys.
pegs told me your rolled in this morn.
Ye dude. U coming 2 the rouge 2nite?.
oh y'll are already hitting the towne. no chill. im working on job applications lol. have a drink for me.
Ahah. Kk ill pound a brew or 2 4 u..
When r u leaving.
Saturday.
Are you busy between now and this. Then*.
Ye dude im always down 2 clown!.
Do u wanna do something today to tmr??.
Yea sure lwts chill tmr. What u wanna do?.
Oh gee there's tons!!!!!!!!. I'm gonna be chillin with Herbert so you can join us tmr afternoon. We don't do much just chill and talk but we figure it out tmr.
Kk dope. What time?.
Ahh let's say 2-3 ish I gotta go to prayer.
Kk.
Wanna meet us at the sub or something.
Sure.
Aight. Sounds good!!!!!¡¡. Yo just text me whenever you get here. I'll be chilling on campus anyways probably head to the cellar when you come.
Yo do i need an id to go the cellar?.
Nah man. Not during the day but bring just in case ur getting a drink.
Kk b there in 15. Hey where in the sub are you?.
Cellar.
Kk. Be there in a sec.
You missed a call from Karim..
whats ur email?.
Karim. ir@gmail.com.
kk u should be able to see it in ur email..
Aight ima check it in a bit.
Taco trivia at 6 if u want to come??.
Yea can y'all pick me up?.
Im not driving there. I am walking over after work. Tess maybe able 2 pick u up tho.
Aytttt.
Yurp she can. She will be at ur place around 6.
Ayttttttttt.
When is ur lunch?.
Ahhh lemme get back to u at 11:30 lemme message Mahdi. 11:45-12:45.
kk.
Have u talked to Mahdi. He still may be asleep in my basement.
jesus.
Message him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eHYT_Pqzcg.
Lmao ima watch it on lunch. Peggy just stopped by the market, she spilled the beans on you landing a job in the 6ix. The kid is going places I can't wait for you to fall in love with drake now.
ahaha, I am only movin there so I can kill the fucking guy. Kill him with my lyrics that is..
you'll fall in love with the OVO family hahah. congrats man.
haha thanks.
we can head over to shoes after 7:30. AST time, i know your use to EST..
Dope. Want a drive?.
Yaassssss bro. . .
Kk. 🏀.
Im at da sub btw.
Kk when should i pick you up?.
we can go now if ur ready.
I can come in like 15.
sure im ready just hmu.
Ill be there at 8?.
Sure bro. v. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeRl0ktJPgc. BRO WHAT THE FUCK NUMBER 30.
lol wtf?!.
this is insanity. he probably wrote Pan's Labyrinth when filiming. also number 41 is creepy.
lo where tf did u find this vid.
bro i dunno. i was literally watching basketball highlights on youtube.
thats what they all say.
caught red hadned. when are u free next.
any time this week.
Did u finish ur assignment.
naw but i should be able to tonight.
👀👀👀👀👀.
Where u at?.
Karim called you.Duration: 17 seconds. what r u sayin rn?.
At the cellar rn.
Ayt I'm coming to campus anyways I'll stop by.
I think we are leaving. Ill be at the hil basement..
Ayt I'm here rn anyways. HIL.
Kk. Imma be over there in a few.
Pal. Not gon be able to go to tess's gotta baby sit the little munchkin tonite.
Lol kk.
Watching get out tonight with amir and others, u game?.
Tooo hung overrr.
Brehhhhh. It's at 7:40 lol.
Lol cant do it.
Lmaooo u trash. whats the name of the website thats like facebook for movies.
https://letterboxd.com/. eat it up.
get out was mint.
i am gonna see it when i get back i think. im pumped.
i didn't think it was actually worth the 100% rating on rt but it was really well written. feels werid watching it in a room of full of white ppl lol. herb wanted to leave right away so no one would see him.
ahahhahahah.. Is herb happy abt the election.
nah actually he's really bummed he won. was just looking to be the shit disturber but now he's prez.
ahahahahah. I wish Julian won...... fucking reverse racism at its finest!!!.
reverse racism lol.
PROVE ME WRONG.
buddy you got me beat, i submit.
ahah, pure genius! have u made an account on letterboxd?.
bruh i did writing a review of get out rn lol.
whats ur username. ill follow.
carrim. https://letterboxd.com/carrim/film/get-out-2017/.
ahHAHAhahahaha.
are u lional hultz lol.
yeee lol.
BREH HOW THE FUCK DID U NOT ENJOY FINDING DORY.
ahahahha. pretty bad tbh..
you have no sense of cinematic direction. yea wasnt as good as finding nemo lol.
ahahah. are u gonna list all the movies u have seen.
so fucking many lol. probs not, i feel most passionatly about a movie as soon as im done watching it. probs just start with get out.
yea fair.. https://letterboxd.com/rogerebert69/. Thats jliu's account.
yo that doc section u made is dope. lmaooo werner herzog eats his shoe what de fuck. now i feel like mentioning all the films i've watched fuck.
yea, it takes a while. What I did was just looked at all the movies my bro had watched and went from there.
i'll just mention the recent one's i've watched. when do u go to tdot.
may first.
bummer. when u end.
late aug, not fully sure yet. I think imma go back 2 fred for a week or two at the end of summer.
Like the last two weeks of august. May just hoop on a bus and top by MTL before Toronto.
oh dope! What are u doing this summer. Assistant to O-Week Chair?.
Not even that calibre, assistant to shinerama chair. Working north of Stuttgart idk what project yet.
u got the Germany job?.
.
NOICE!.
Took fucking long enough lol. I'm salty lol.
lol yea. Well at least u got it. Did elise get one?.
Yea but she is away from when I get back to April 😞. And assuming I get coop again next year we'll be apart for 16 months. We kinda talked about we may take a break for that period of time.
shit man. that sucks. Where is she gonna be next year?.
She's gonna be in Germany the whole time.
oh shit. for an internship?.
yea for intership. so we both have german internships but not overlapping.
oh fuck man that sucks. When u head 2 Germany?.
leaving toronto 27. gonna take a bus from freddy to mtl, spend a night or two then bus to tdot. when u done exams?.
25th so i should be done around that time. Do u need a place 2 stay?? If u want 2 can sleep on our couch..
Just may, are u going for MTL straight to Toronto?. Not stopping by Freddy?.
Ahahha freddy isnt really on the way. Ye am heading up there on the 29 or something..
Buddy don't forget ur roots.
The only roots that matter 2 me:. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Roots.
this is true. confirmed. bob reminds me of questlove.
yea, same hair. Yoo have u started work yet?.
Ya boiiiii. Upstart urs? Hows the 6ix. U start*.
Ye. I did on the 1st. 6ix is great. Geting a bj frm drake as we speek. What are u doing at ur job?.
Man go to a vegan spot called Planta. A lil expensive but really goood. My job is pretty cool, I work for a heating/cooling technologies company. This engineering has a patent on this method of taking wasted heated and recycling it to increase efficiency. My job in this process is to create a control sensor to using raspberry pi to measure the conductivy of a ammonia solution in a water tank. So I gotta transfer a code using python on to the raspberry pi so it can measure the conductivy so I need to try and figure out how to do it.
Oh yo thats dope. Do you know python? Why are they using RaspberryPi's?.
Barely there's a lot I kinda need to learn before I can start doing R&d I need to fimilarize myself with the circuit board python and down ece concepts. I think were are using cause it's the most cost effective way for me to test it, i think the real software engineers will find a better system to use. What's ur job like.
Building investment software, pretty sweet. There is a lot of freedom for me interms of what I build, and how i build them which is dope. Everyone is chill too. If u have any questions abt python or rasppi's hmu i have 3 RaspberryPi's and use python so i maybe able to help if ur stuck.. But dont u fucking dare ask me abt chemistry..
Lmaooooo I just mayb. I never heard of raspberry pi until i started the job pretty dope how versatile they areb. bro. when u get off work.
6. Wut up.
call me I'm bored as shit no one wants to talk to me. lmao.
Aahahh. Kk.
ur an angel.
Hey man when do u usually go to bed. I am stuck on a street car rn and idk when ill be home.
got to hit the hay but jus call me tmr night I'm not going to work on Thursday morning. jigging. ttc actually sucks so hardcore.
Kk sg.
my man. whats ur bros number. he's chilling in fredericton right.
Yee he is UNBound!. 506 238 5444 (prank calls only!!!).
he's gonna have an UNBelievable year! with RIchard as marketing manager and herbert as president, we'll make sure he has an easy transition to becoming a vred.
He is planning a Coup d'état so I wouldn't count on it.....
to be honest we need a change in structure. a drastic change before richard ruins everything.
#DrainTheSwamp.
yea man we are playing him tomorrrow and man i recked baily forest open ice man it was  sick and i also recked craig gonog. and i dont know why??.
hahaha sweet :D, have we won both games?.
man we have only played one today.
oh, what about saturdays game?.
didnt have one it was skills and drill man soo you didnt miss much.
oh, so they did a second skills and drills?.
yea so you have only missed one tryout.
and the skills and drills was not evaluated?.
no it wasnt so your all good.
hell yeah :D thats sweet :D ill see you at the game tomorrow :D, we can tag team a guy :D.
yea man fucking spencer smallman.
hahaha yeah :D.
Hey.
 Thanks man! Are there any changes I should make?.
Hey.
 Hahaha, i think they just want u to think me is mythical!.
:P obviously but mythical or not, this is an interesting serieshttp://www.youtube.com/user/MarbleHornets#p/u/27/5a4Tm34wwck. Hey Daniel!. I have a math question. The situation is completely unrelated.
ahahaha.
So some random person has 3 protitutes, but one of them decided to only perform half of their duties.  One other one has performed on and one third of her duties. How many half-performing prostitutes do I need to hire to compensate for two of my poorest performing. When I say me I just me a random person. Mean*.
the number of prostitutes is directly proportionate to the crytall meth you will need to power your sucking and fucking machines....
Oh the life of a pimp....
write a book.
DIS BE JACOBS MAIN HO. WE POP A CAP IN DAT BITCHEZ HED AN WE GON POP U TOO LESS U DON GIVE US OUWA MONAY. BETCH.
... you?.
Oh shit man call the police they're getting out of hand.
a pimp calling the police oh shit.
On a serious note. You have Hamilton for pd?.
no. Y>>>.
Okay. Nvm.
lol.
Whoever you are in, is Ben hebb in your class?. That's not meant in a sexual way.
yes, and u could have folled me....
I mean teacher, not who's orifices you are violating >.>. Okay now that that's cleared up. Brb.
lol.
Are you good friends with him?. Okay these questions may come off as creepy but just bear with me. Trust me I'm a doctor.
um kinda lol y?.
Okay then everything makes sense. Because he said something that would be really creepy if you weren't on good terms. Haha.
what did boy say?.
Idk he was telling me how he sat by you in a weird way.
hahaha in a weird way?.
Yeah. I've recently been generally disturbed by Ben anyway but oh well. I used to be pretty good friends, but he's seeming a little creepy haha. Ben will be Ben.
hahah,   what did he say?.
He was like, I sit by Daniel lutes!. And put a weird emphasis on lutes. Haha.
ahahahahhahaha.
Don't tell him I told you. Haha.
ha ai wont.
the answer to your question is appo. approximately 155 thousand years.
well.
My numma 1 h0.
too much meth?.
more like too much meth.
Smoke a bowl for me man, rasta meth man.....
We're no strangers to love, step a little closer.
Last time I stepped closer, I realized i love you too much :S.
O no, well I guess you have to go and jump in a pit to find me again. Hello hot and horny is on the phone. .
FUCK ME.
Which one?.
Where u find this?.
Lutz, a Family History - M. Shyamalan.
Thats my fave movie..
It's a book. Shyamalan became Buddhist. .
(L).
(Y). . . . . . . . 󾌬. . . .
THX.
Cuttin iceBreakin miceMy teacher says I'm like Miami viceTeachers petGambling betI'm gonna make u SET.
I so hard right niw.
#dying. #OMGSOTRUE.
#AmenSista.
Is there a quick write tmr.
No.
Do you have this shit filled out.
no.
Fuck you.
srry dad.
Let me fuck you. When will we do the music thing.
Tmr?.
When. Also, I have a couple songs we could do but I made one yesterday about a girl (me) who had her heart broken, but at the end realizes the guy will never find another girl with a body like hers. http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=R799vrY6zVA&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DR799vrY6zVA.
ahaahahahahha.
I need to study for history this week at least a couple times.
Lets do it the 9th and then the weekend.
When's the 9th.
Shit I mean the 5th.
I was going to say. Isn't that in like. A week and something haha.
Ye.
So Wednesday?.
Yea. Did you guys ever do a animal test in bio?.
Nope.
When are you coming to the sub??. Can you send me your diffraction lab from last semester?.
I'll send it to you later when I'm on a comp.
thanks. Still up for studying after school tmr?.
Yep. Do you want my project or just my data.
The project.
I would caution against using too too much of my information however because I think raiyans using it. But one sec.
I just want to compare. I am almost done.
Oh ok. I'm so sorry then. Please forgive me.
I FUCKING KILL A BITCH.
. :). Are you at the sub or library. Daniel I'm here at the sub, I check at the HIL and no one was there. I had an interview at 6:00 but I told josh to tell you.
we are at josh's.
You realize the library closes at 5 today.
were at the sub now.
dainel. daniel.
What.
do you have the review sheet for ww1.
No.
ok.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=263398997131251&set=a.108171889320630.10837.100003834592168&type=1&theater.
What's your cell.
261 0224.
When is josh leaving.
19th.
He better not steal hitman.
Would not put it past him....
Well he's not answering my texts.
ahahaha, hes a fucker....
He still has my fucking water bottle too. Hahaha. was josh leaving some kind of CRUEL joke.
Haha. Why?.
because it's not true?.
Ye. Hes going to Croatia. ..
but not to montreal.
Hahahah. No.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfUj4QJGnok.
Ahahah..
No country for old men: 20years later.
Ahahahha. Where did you find that??.
Hes my friend on the fb.
Ahahhaha why/who/hot!.
Rick.
Does rrick eat puss 4 a living?.
He teaches online catholic courses. So yes. What time tomorrow.
930.
Ok. She wants the d.
Swimming is a other word for virginity.
Apparently she's a pirate too.
Why?.
"Some one take me virginity". Arrrrrr.
Ahahahhaha.
Hahahahahahaha you're going to hate me.
What did you say to megan??.
Hahahahahahaha. Let's just say. You're her new running buddy.
Fuckkkkkkk yooooouuuuuuu.
And apparently you're excited to see her. But you don't know when she's moving. So she'll just come over to your house and just knock. And say hey. Aww, #true. #CanadianForces.
She snuggles tied up....
hey babe. u there?. What's your skype.
Daniel.lutes2 add m3 u b.
Your girlfriend thinks the lapine is serious. She probably thinks the onion is a subsidiary of cnn too.
Qhhahahash. She is also a holocaust. Denier.
She also opened a restaurant named holocaust. Because it's her middle name. Add me on skype you piece of fuck.
Roddy filled me up with spite. Illdog it later.
Who's roddy.
Drunk srrry.
You're a shit drunk typer. why the fuck don't you add me to skype you shit fuck ass dude dick penis poop excrement.
I did ya snitch twitch....
K. gimme some REALLY aggressive rap. something that'll make my pussy pop. and my ass twitch.
You will be throwing up dicks after ma rap..
fuck. I WANT IT. GIVE IT.
Check me out on utube. Just search Rons Blue....
kk brb. fuck dis really u homie?. https://www.facebook.com/suck22/posts/454359181328691.
Hahahahaha.  What the fuck does that mean?!?@ break bijayy more like broken English. ....
(thirdeyeblind). that's all u need 2 no homie.
How was day 1 at ur skoool?.
Day 1 was good. I got so much pussy. It's unreal. Lost my virginity 8 times. It was actually pretty good. Math class was a joke. It's like a review for last year. How's 121. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
Ahahha. I didn't take math 121. But physics is goood. We have our first test monday.... Ahhahahah. Who the fuck is moe.
One badass motherfucker. Fucking. Faking Vanessa Randall's status hahahaha. Her sister. "Vanessa is Christian by definition!". Then pulls out a really stupid and vague and unrelated definition of Christianity hahaha.
That status was sooooo fucking golden..
Let's make an example of her. I'll leave the rest to you. OK SLEEP. GNIGHT.
Night bbg have fun at school tmr. Ur in my prayers. God hates  s bye..
I sent you a FUCKING message on skype. Lol :). you piece of shit. :).
Sound like megan.
Is that an order?. Or a typo. .
.
you fucker.
What I do now?.
you owe me a skype.
Ahahhahaha oh yeah. Sorry bout that. Fell asleep on the job..
ya ya ive heard it all. when's the rain check.
\Friday/ ???.
\m/. brooo. thursday. now-day. idek what day it is. y0ll0. y0lla. h0lla.
Yea thursz, but It may be late..
d0ll$.
n0.
. another shot to wash down the pills.
U need help.
br0 help is for pussies. and people who didn't get preggo.
Thats what my miscarried baby said... :'(.
hahah im assuming you here she finally admitted to lying. that bitch.
haha, Love he tho..
as in daniel he?.
**her. but also yes.
yeah no i love her too. a real gem.
She is my queen. Have to tell u about my interaction with her at the party.
can't believe i lost her. I've heard bits and piece. what were you trying to say about her and stanko??.
ahah, oh not that, this is a new thing that happened this past weekend. lol.
give me a hint. bait on the fish line. im just a fish swimming in the ocean of your love.
It just involves her being dumb and drunk.
i heard she was all over everyone. when the fuck will we Skype you bitch.
ya nika.
now.
Now?.
I'm out for supper wait 20mins. you there.
How come u didn't put jack in the inbox?.
oh shit. thanks for the quick save!.
Ahha np also josh mc. If u want.
right.
Ur a fuck up.
What can I ever do to make up for this.
1 bj.
:*. there's ya damn bj. #goteamgo. #lovinit. #canadarulezbro. #notevenonce. #blackpeople.
Crunch why u in west coast.
Hey straight up, no longer. I was there for my reading week for a sibling reunion. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10203134767232141&set=a.1581922790073.2074993.1295792852&type=1&theater.
. Gimme gimme..
it's only reasonable.
Hey man. Just heard your new song its really good.  My parents heard me listening to it and ask who it was. And I was like its my friend. And my dad literally refused to believe that I knew you. He was like you dont know that person and my mom was like, well if you know him I bet its autotune... ahaha anyways point being good tune!.
Hahaha shit, you can tell your parents I just take all of Selena Gomez' songs and reverse them. Then call them my own. But thanks dude!. . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGhGh3-Y82c&spfreload=10. When are you back in town big boy.
I get back in the 19th. Wbu??.
back 2NITE. . let's meet up.
Hot locals in your area want to FUCK now!!!. like that?.
xXxdickNUGGETxXx says: Hey sexy ;) Want to meet up in a bit? I'm not wearing anything.... CLICK HERE TO REPLY NOW.
hahaha, How are u getting back?.
flew home. just got back. how are you getting home?.
Fuckin night bus..
Nothing quite like sitting cramped for many hours by smelly people who you're not sure are homeless or just students. .
I FUCKING LOVE MEMES!. YUM.
AYYYY MR SKELTAL. Memes are the only thing keepin this rare Pepe alive during school.
My mom is a meme. my dad is GIF.. when u coming back 2 fred.
Are you done 1st year yet?. And idk like July or August.
2 more zamie.
Haha I'm pretty on top. AY THIS GUY TOO. What do you have.
Software Systems and computer systems. Wbu?.
U ready? And Chem and biostats today and tmr.
Ill be ready I hope. U ready?.
As ready as I can be. Just can't wait to be done with all of the shit. When are you going home for the summer?.
I go back may 2nd. Wbu?.
Not sure yet. Chloe and I actually might be coming back together aha. Probs in like July or early August.
Oh cool. How long u gonna  come back 4?.
Not long unfortunately, like a week or two. I'm hoping to get some recording of people done when im back too. You going to osheaga?.
Yee. Ru?.
mfw everyone is an expert on international crises after reading an AP article.
Mfw?. My face when?.
yeah. that or michael fucks women.
Haha. Yea dude my news feed is full of a bunch of anti refugee shit. The seeds of conservative thinking are germinating, and its scary as fuckkk.
disheartening to say the least. i don't know, it's just super disappointing to see so many people remain ignorant when it's such a crucial time to be actively trying to change things.
Yea. I think alot of conservative thought is a reaction to active attempts at change. Its shitty to see people who seem nice when normal ppl take ridiculous and racist stances. Like wtf ian..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuDUnKPyzww.
Yes.. And its you.
Thank you, that's the kindest thing anyones ever said to me :'(.
Thats not good..
I think it is.
Well to each his own. What ever floats your boat. One mans trash is another mans treasure!.
you're trash.
OMG THX!.
kddin mayne, ILY no homosexual reference.
Luv u mure.
no way bb.
i give u ten luv.
I give you one HUNDRED love, 420 blazitfggt.
dnt cll me a fggt!.
it's all outta love.
GIVE AND tAKE PLAYA!.
I only take. yo lyfe.
I GTG LUVA.
hahaha ok, will do.
Awsome, thanks ! :).
http://games.adultswim.com/robot-unicorn-attack-twitchy-online-game.html. its the music that makes it awesome!.
yeah that is a bad ass game.
did you play it.
yeah man top score is 3670.
that is so bad man i get like 68000 no joke. dude rua ftw !. that mean robot unicorn attack. btw. and if we play rua in the hotel in quebec i with clean up cause i am un stopable no joke i am insanely good.
hah you wish man i am a take.
Hey.
 Shawn did u save ur physics test from 121 ?!?!.
which one?.
The geometric optics test..
i might have. hold on..
Sweeeeet.
nope I don't have it..
Fuck!!! Do u have any others?.
Not at our apartment. Maybe at my mom's place..
Next time ur there grab them all.
lol alright..
Tmahahha thanks.
Daniel, when are you coming over?.
I am wait for my ride to show up. It will be before 1.
Ok..
Yo Shawn do u remember the 121 physics exam. Any questions remembered?.
I can't remember any..
Ahhaham Thx anyways!.
Daniel, are my goalie skates still at your house?.
I'm not at home. I'll check when I get back..
Cool thanks. If you can't find my goalie skates then look for the really terrible looking player skates I used to use.. What time are you going to be back?.
I'll be back tmr I think..
ride in any good cars.
haha,so whats happening in the neighborhood.
whats haping in the neighborhood not much besides that everyone EXPLODED expect me.
hahaha, dumb asss !!  such a idiot hahaha, you must be bord with jared gone... whats the news from garden place.
o garden place its gone the top part got bulldozerd and thers singns everywhere saying no trespasing put the bottem part is still there.
what why?.
idk i think they are making a house there. what time is it there.
thats so crazy!! how did the guys act about it?.
idk i just drove by on the trail and saw it was gone and no one was around.
crazy!!!!.
i no i wonder where there gonna build stuff now.
ya if they bulid a huse i bet some peoplebreak the windos.
i asked mark young y and he said                    all the adults in garden place got pissed off that we were on the road and swearing at cars so they wreked all the jumps.
wow that sucks... mike is devestated i bet.
danny boi hocky?????????.
No.
when will the pond be frozen?.
it is almost but the ice is in bad condition. are u going sliding to day?.
mabs. ask david if they wreacked them.
they didnt. lets go at 1.
did david wreak it?.
no.
jonathon was snow boarding so he probly ripped the jumps to shit.
ahaha, well we can still go. Are we going.
lololololololollololo DANEILLLL hahahoohahaohaha lolz we already went you silly fool..
fuck u.
i still love you babe.
your a tool.
Hey.
 Hey stu its josh!.
Hey.
 I have no idea..
Hey.
 Danny-Boi7.
oh kk ill add you in a bit.
hey man do u know why spencer smallman is trying out for comp?.
he is!? i think its cuz he didnt make the fhs team.
well, i thought he made development.
oh idk:P if hez playing comp hell rape!.
hahaha i know, its crazy though, i cant beleve that he will thought, theyll make room for him on AAA if they have to..
yeah:P. did the real daniel lutes just like a picture of me??. oh my.
You should feel good abou it....
it's an honour.
. hhhherer.
turns out I'm low ink so they aren't perfect, but i got them!.
Ballin!. Will what was on the bio test???.
not much really. know what happens in all the phases and be able to recognize each phase. it was all on scantron accept for one short answer. list 2 similarities and differences between chromatin and chromatid. thats it really.
Alright.  Thanks!. Yo dawg im osheaga.  󾆥 u guys there.
Yeah dude where are you?!.
We left for a bit. We're coming back tho.
Oh ok let me know! Were going to skirl lex and outkast I think!.
Ight man. Wanna meet up after outkast? 󾆡.
Shit man I didn't didn't see this last night sorry. You still here?. You still here?.
Hey man. Im leaving tonight.  C u in freddy!.
Dan LUTES.
Yo yo.
osheaga-ing this year?.
Thats the dream. It depends  on if i can get work off/ can get a job. Ahaha.
Cool, pretty good early line up so far! i think theres a bunch of us coming for the weekend so you sould definitely come if your arounf.
Aha yeah. How many of u guys are coming? U can stay at my appartment probs.
well right now theres 6 of us in the chat, but who knows who will actually make it haha. me, chris, luke, and wyatt are pretty much for sure. Then josh mac, matson and alex wood-seems are all in on the idea. You have an apartment now?.
Dope. No not yet but ill have one this summer.
Oh sweet. Well i'll keep you posted on whats going on haha. going to be crazy.
Dope. Yoo drinks tonight?.
Yeah sure... I guess I'll quit tomorrow....
Nice luke liam and jmac are also in. Wanna pre at ur place?.
Hey.
 what part of norway are u from because we had a homestay from oslo...talk 2 u l8ter.
Lol.
Where are you?.
By the mase. Go to the table now. Meeting. Were the fuck are you?.
Why.
You had showers!. Hey dude!.
Hey man. Hows shit?.
good, you?.
Shitty.  School sucks dick. Hows the new school? I heard that you got hit by a car...?!.
Constable Cocks beat me too. #Pépé et sa guitare.
.
You must be Pépé.
Pepe (footballer born 1983) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.
different person lawwl lollolovlololol osldfguouarnhgtuen. Hey dude, I believe you gave me a little glass container last night haha do you want it back?.
Agahahn naw man they are like 10 cents..
The glass container? Or the stuff in it.
The container! Lol.
What about the stuff in it haha.
The weed like 4 bucks idk. Ahab. Or2.
Yeah but do you want it??.
No man I gave it 2 u 4 sparking me up!!!.
Oh right haha alright well thanks. Do you bike at all.
Ahahha naw.
Naw man.
Naw bra.
That night was so weird everyone was gone at 12:30.
How long did u stay???.
Hey.
 Opps..
Oops?.
no. Opps!.
K,coool,do I know you.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J---aiyznGQ.
I'm onn my phoneanand can't see it. But I'm pree sure it has nothing to do with you.
^Sassy^.
"Oops".
You are the queen if sass!.
I have no clue, I was gone this past week for SBTF. Mia wants to be jr. chair with you.
Yeah i know, i am running with her :D When are the election things?.
AGM, whenever that is..
That tmr :P.
what really?!?! what time?.
6 30 -830 @ odell park lodge.
alright cool.I can't go to the jb thing if there is one.. Dan the man. Let's have a playdate.
Hey Yeah i am IN! but i am going away for the next week....
snap daddy. when are you leaving?.
saturday... so i supose we could hang out ttt tomorrow?!?!?.
I don't think I can. Commitments with Harry. That guy. We can do it once you come back.
DDDDEal !  ILL talk to ya when i get back :D But i gtg.
right on! have a good trip.
Oh i will !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
Im free this week diggity-dog.
I am gone this week :0.
Dude you SUCK.
your tell me!.
haw haw. Whens NBM compadre?.
Nov 11.
Okay, thank you..
Max,  whats ur full address?.
postal code and all?.
yeah !.
E3C 1L5 51 Mayflower St. Fredericton, NB. oh Max Kerr.
shanks. Hey can I get rembursed for my plane ride to SBTF? Booking Information  Booking Reference:MB8MLEElectronic Ticketing confirmed. This is your official itinerary/receipt.Main Contact: Mr Daniel Lutes rlutes@nbnet.nb.ca Home: 1-506-4595294Online Services·         Manage my booking online (view/change my booking; select seats*).·         Alert me of flight status changes directly to my mobile phone or email.·         Flight Arrivals & Departures - check online if my flight is on time.·         Check-in online and print my boarding pass.* Can my booking be changed online?Customer CareOn My Way toll-free number1-888-890-1757*On My Way toll-free baggage support1-888-890-2711*Flight Arrivals and Departures1-888-422-7533*For use from phones in Canada, the continental USA, Hawaii and Alaska.Flight ItineraryFlightFromToStopsDurationAircraftFare TypeMealAC89551Fredericton (YFC) Fri 18-May 2012 11:25Toronto, Pearson Int'l (YYZ) Fri 18-May 2012 12:48 - Terminal 102hr23DH4Tango, NFAC89581Toronto, Pearson Int'l (YYZ) Mon 21-May 2012 17:35 - Terminal 1Fredericton (YFC) Mon 21-May 2012 20:3502hr00DH4Tango, PF: Food for purchase onboard All Onboard Café purchases made on board Air Canada flights are payable only with Visa, MasterCard and American Express credit cards.Operated by: 1 Air Canada Express - Jazz Passenger Information1: Mr Daniel Lutes : Adult (16+),  Ticket Number: 0142107068176Frequent Flyer Pgm :NoneMeal Preference :NoneCredit Card:xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-4980Special Needs:NoneSeat Selection:NonePurchase SummaryFare SummaryPassenger TypeAdultDeparting Flight - Tango270.00Return Flight - Tango199.00Surcharges36.00Taxes, Fees and ChargesCanada Airport Improvement Fee45.00Canada Harmonized Sales Tax (GST/HST #10009-2287 RT0001)73.35Air Travellers Security Charge (ATSC)14.25Total airfare and taxes before options (per passenger)637.60OptionsDeparting Flight - TangoOn My Way25.00Return Flight - TangoNILCanada Harmonized Sales Tax (GST/HST #10009-2287 RT0001)3.25Total airfare, taxes and options (per passenger)665.85Number of passengers1Total665.85RBC Travel Insurance (declined)0.00Grand Total - Canadian dollars$665.85 The following charges (tax inclusive) will appear on your credit card statement:·         Air Canada: $637.60 (Airfare - per ticket)·         Air Canada: $28.25 (On My Way - per ticket)Ticket number(s): 0142107068176enRoute City GuideTorontoIt's sprawling, it's noisy, it's the commercial capital of Canada, but if you get a little cozy with Toronto, you soon realize that, at its core, it's just a big softy...Read the complete guideWhat do you think of our new City Guide feature? Fare RulesDeparting Flight Fredericton (YFC) To Toronto (YYZ) - TangoChanges:o    Prior to day of departure - Change fee per direction, per passenger, is $75 CAD plus applicable taxes and any additional fare difference. Changes can be made up to 2 hours prior to departure.o    Airport same-day changes are subject to availability and are permitted only for same-day flights at a fee of $150 CAD/USD per direction, per passenger, except for passengers travelling on a flight between Toronto and Montreal, or Toronto and Ottawa (connecting flights excluded), for whom the flat fee is $75 CAD/USD. Same-day flights only.o    Same-day standby is not permitted.o    Flights can only be used in sequence from the place of departure specified on the itinerary.Cancellations:o    Tickets are non-refundable and non-transferable.o    Cancellations can be made up to 45 minutes prior to departure.o    Provided the original booking is cancelled prior to the original flight departure, the value of the unused ticket can be applied within a one year period from date of issue of the original tickets to the value of a new ticket subject to the change fee per direction, per passenger, plus applicable taxes and any additional fare difference, subject to availability and advance purchase requirements. The new outbound travel date must commence within a one year period from the original date of ticket issuance. If the fare for the new journey is lower, any residual amount will be forfeited.o    Customers who no-show their flight will forfeit the fare paid.Paid Advance Seat Selection is available on Air Canada and Air Canada Express (operated by Jazz), subject to availability.Earn 25% non-status Aeroplan Miles for Air Canada-operated flights.On My WaySee below for On My Way details and contact numbers.Return Flight Toronto (YYZ) To Fredericton (YFC) - TangoChanges:o    Prior to day of departure - Change fee per direction, per passenger, is $75 CAD plus applicable taxes and any additional fare difference. Changes can be made up to 2 hours prior to departure.o    Airport same-day changes are subject to availability and are permitted only for same-day flights at a fee of $150 CAD/USD per direction, per passenger, except for passengers travelling on a flight between Toronto and Montreal, or Toronto and Ottawa (connecting flights excluded), for whom the flat fee is $75 CAD/USD. Same-day flights only.o    Same-day standby is not permitted.o    Flights can only be used in sequence from the place of departure specified on the itinerary.Cancellations:o    Tickets are non-refundable and non-transferable.o    Cancellations can be made up to 45 minutes prior to departure.o    Provided the original booking is cancelled prior to the original flight departure, the value of the unused ticket can be applied within a one year period from date of issue of the original tickets to the value of a new ticket subject to the change fee per direction, per passenger, plus applicable taxes and any additional fare difference, subject to availability and advance purchase requirements. The new outbound travel date must commence within a one year period from the original date of ticket issuance. If the fare for the new journey is lower, any residual amount will be forfeited.o    Customers who no-show their flight will forfeit the fare paid.Paid Advance Seat Selection is available on Air Canada and Air Canada Express (operated by Jazz), subject to availability.Earn 25% non-status Aeroplan Miles for Air Canada-operated flights.Please read important information and notices regarding Air Canada's general conditions of carriage.On My WayYou have purchased On My Way for the following flight(s):Flight 1: Fredericton (YFC) To Toronto (YYZ)Flight delay or cancellationIn the event of a flight delay or cancellation, phone the On My Way dedicated desk toll-free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 1-888-890-1757* for rebooking on the first available flight of Air Canada or any other airline with e-ticketing capability and/or additional accommodation and/or meals necessitated by an extended delay. Provide your Booking Reference Number for assistance with any flight for which you have purchased this serviceImportant: The On My Way service can only be offered through the On My Way desk. If you choose to call Air Canada Reservations or request service from an Airport Customer Service agent, you will be given equal access and the same standard of service as that provided to all Air Canada customers.BaggageIn the event that your checked baggage is delayed, following the filing of a baggage claim, please phone 1-888-890-2711* for assistance. Provide your Booking Reference Number and baggage claim file number for assistance with any flight for which you have purchased On My Way. *For use from phones in Canada, the Continental USA, Hawaii and Alaska. When calling from outside Canada and the Continental United States, Hawaii and Alaska, please phone 514-369-1403 for assistance.For more details on benefits, features, terms and conditions of this program, visit aircanada.com/onmyway.Non transferable: can only be used by ticket holder.Once your ticket has been purchased, this option cannot be changed and is non-refundable.On My Way is not a replacement for travel insurance.Important InformationPlease review this itinerary/receipt and, should you have any questions, please call 1-888-247-2262 within 24 hours of. Tried to send the receipt^.
Yeah sure. Do you know the exact cost?.
$665.85.
Ok I'll write you a check for 350. Do you know if Mia got hers?.
IDK. here is the form you need to fill out for the election(which is happening at the welcom back mini camp...).
Right on, thank you.. What's the website you made the Jim Jones shirt on?.
I made it on Photoshop, and got it printed here. http://www.spreadshirt.com/.
Sweet thanks. When are you going to the movie night?.
Come at 530.
Do you know Raiyan's homeroom?.
naw,y.
Liam and Harry need it.
Do they have like a feud or somthingÉ.
yeah. It's pretty comical.
Sweet, hope they fight.
yeah and Jakob jumps in.
Tag teams were always my fav.
I'd say those are pretty even too. Liam&Harry vs. Raiyan&Jakob. It could go either way..
raiyan seems like the gal who wouldn't hesitate to stomp in someones skull.
Yeah or pull a knife.
That move sounds more like Dale Cruthers....
on his bitch wife and asskids.
ahahahah. I h8  s!!!!!. Send me that pic.
yes sir.
Thx dad.
let me get it out of my secret file. .
lolol.
60% of her nipple at least.
I cant wait to take shits and look at this pic.
it gets old fast. I just heard spliff in a rap song I've listened to so many times before but never noticed.
The spliff's are out there, you just have to listen to your heart..
your candidates lost. bad job.
Look out your window, Peters is hanging from the tree in his front yard..
hahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhaha. the election results are the reason he started slitting his wrists again.
#CutsForDorcus.
HAHAHAHA. I am going to put that in the twittersphere.
ahah.
Daniel are we doing the mini camp the 15th?.
Yeah. I think so..
okay cool.
. CongratZ!.
do u ever go to golf anymore uv missed 8 in a row.
no where on vacation.
k were.
shediac.
thats were im goin' 2day.
nice.
if you want to buy a ticket my dad will save one for you.
how many people have bought it?.
4.
k.
are you going to buy one??.
dunno.
I do remember ypu! Remember?.
Ahahahahha I sent this before we talked.
I know jaja.
Hey is your adress still: pasaje panorama 101 y Bossano Quito? If it is not then what is it?.
noo! i¡that like the veryy old adress. Its kind of complicated, i can just explain it to you, you go to Rancho San Francisco and start moving up towards nayon. Then you pass like this big white mansion called "casa de guayasamin"  and then the second street to the left called "Piemonte" and you go up until you see a green door to the left!why do you need it?.
well i wanted to send you a letter, i am sending every one letters! so i need a mailing adress!.
letters never! but like never get anywhere! we suck at mailing. Just DHL reaches us..
I can scan the letter and email it to you, i am doing a project about people around the world!.
sure! that will be great! ill write you back!.
hey jose this summer there is a summer camp that i am gong to in czech republic and i was wondering if you knew any one from ecudor thats is going it says on my pre camp thata there is a delagtion from ecudor ??? :D :D: : :D.
yep eciuador is going, i dont know who is going quite yet. But i might be goging and the people form summr this year are really cool.
wait you might be going?!?!?!?!!?.
yees!!.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh this is awsome when do you find out if you are going???.
next month i think.
do u think you will get picked?.
GORGEOUS! i miss you :(.
I dont... </3.
Oh Great :( What Ever..... But due to the us is not that far from Canada its ok :).
I found your favorite song!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1NR2K-gazo.
Funny One little Moose!. Ooh hieß what? LOL i got the Big bang Theory in DVD now so i can watch u every da y 8). daniel! the man of my dreams! i got to tell you thati dreamed of you some nights ago and you were a little baby and got lost. was pretty funy but made me miss you :( and you ate a lot of cheese... what is that supposed to tell me? and how r u buddy ? xo.
That wasn't a dream, dun dun Duh! I am okay, but I am really busy with school. What about you?.
Oh well :O so you turned back into a cheese loving baby? And you go to school. SO IMPRESSED!!! I m perfect we have fall break right now and the last days were awesome ( weatherwise) :) and well I am so excited cuz soon there will be the whole president thing in my country (jk just pretending to be American ;) lol).
Angela Merkel = Barack Obama??? Who would have guessed it?!?.
Say What? I dont get it. Maybe its Cuz i am too tired..... hey pretty profile pic *_*. just a little creepy but thats how i know u.
I am flattered.
oh you should be!. how r u beautifull?.
Well lots of school.. :'( BUT CHRISTMAS IN A WEEK!!! What about you?.
SAME HERE WOHO santa claus. woho. well i will go to bed now ttys hehe and have fun at school tomorrow :).
We have a snow day tmr! No school!! Night night.
Hello, I am getting all of my mutual friends with Tam Yuan to like her most recent status for obvious reasons. I would be very grateful if you did.. dernierl.... i can't find my minicamp form, can you email me another one?.
Here you are sir!. are u going to the welcome back minicamp..
Hey.
 oh hey there!.
poop.
real funny. I see your birthday presnt came a little late, I heard the gute is pregnant....
hahahaha, if it was MY present the gute would have died.
Is she lwgit preggo.
hell no, she wears the purity ring like its her job.
does it pay well?.
she's cuban so it's a little below min. wage. not bad.
beggers cant be choosers.
you know it. also if you want to look cool in front of your friends (david and chris) you should get the app logo quizes it just got big here so im guessing it'lll go mainstream in CA by july.
ahah its big here too... actually it was made in Frederictom.
oh really?. another one to look into is angry birds.
yeah,so are most app really.
i've heard fredricton is the hotbed for most global apps.
silicon valley 2.0 soo many hawt betchezzzz!.
hahahaha. http://imgur.com/oYT4Y. http://i.imgur.com/4JUB1.jpg. http://imgur.com/OxDKK. Hai.
Hey babe. Who's the sass queen?.
Brown curly hair next to negro.
I think I'm in love with her..
Brb class. Hahah. Bbl.
See ya.
Is this yours.
hshshsaahhahahahahahahhahhahaahahhahaahhahahahahahahahahahhha yea.
.
Yeah i saw that :( im bummed!.
Can I have your email for my wedding  save the dates!?.
Hey just seeing this now. Daniel.Lutes@mail.mcgill.ca.
. Thanks!!.
Merry Christmas to the Matlacks. From the lutes.
Do i now you ? :).
hi im pair up with u for the denmark canada interchange.. Im paired up with you on the canada denmark interchange:).
Okay nice (;we haven't got anything told about it yet, so it comes as little surprise to me. But im look forward to get to know you :D.
so what are your favorite sports?.
I play soccer, so that is one of them. But i kind a like the most sport (; I can see you have a pic of luca toni, so you know soccer ?.
Ya I like soccer but my favorite sport is hockey and the skiing. hey can you request some of your deligation to join CISV '09, '10 Canada-Denmark InterchangeThanks:).
Heey Daniel (; Now there isn't so long time back, and im really excited ;Dand i need to know which size of bike you use, Please, contact me as far as possible.-Jakob.
Hey jakob,sorry I have not talked to you for a long time, I have been away for the last week. My bikes wheel size is 65 cm I think, I'm only 173 cm, but i'm not sure what it is. ;D I'm so excited, we leave in 6 days!!!! Daniel.
Yes, but in the papers about you, you have write that you are only 150 cm ?.
yes, your right im only 155 cm. i made a mistake.any way see you in 6 days!!!!-daniel.
Cant wait to meet you !.
me too, this will be a fun summer... has your delagtion been busy?.
Doing what ?;D.
planing, and stuff. any way,  we are doing alot of planing for our canada night. so what are your plans for family week?.
My dad know, xD. My dad know, xD.
cool.
Yes, we are going too the sea i think ?.
wicked cool. :D I love going to the beach..
Down to our beachhouse with our boat (;.
wow, that is sweet :D.
Heey Daniel, We have bicycle helmet and a sleeping bag for you, so you don't need to take that with you to Denmark (;.
okay thanks :D see you on thursday :D.
YEES :D:D:D.
Hey man :DHere are some of the places we could go for family weekQubec City - This is a french city and is reallly nice  and is 400 hundred years old but is a 5 hour drive.Link; en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quebec_City OR Halifax- Halifax is smaller and not as nice but still great, it is a 4 hour drive Link: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HalifaxWe will also be visiting my beach house and my family in Moncton which is a 1.45 hour drive. so yuo can pick which one you want to go to, cant wait to see you, only 112 days :D                                                                        Daniel Lutes. .
you forgot the video q:.
haha yeah sorry.
Then send it man ! :D.
k.
Daniel !! I really want's to see it !! :D.
Yeah I'm working on it :).
Thanks! :D. Heey Dude :D Can i buy the new iPhone 4 (HD) (4G)What ever the name is q; CAN I BUY IT ?!.
yeah i think so, ill double check, i have to go to school now :D. um srry no, in america it comes out on june 22 but it comes out in november in canada :(.
http://www.apple.com/iphone/notify-me/it says it can be pre-orded June 15, and that is about 5 days, So can man pre-order it to home to your location in Canada ?. Are we driving with Julie?.
hahaha nice, um idk we can ask but we cant drive her there because of supper. Hey man, whats up, i have not talked to you in a while, hows life?.
Lifes good, im done with my Jetlag now !! :D.
haha yeah, i waas  just hang out with chris and the gormster! good times :D.
Nice, haha good times mate (:.
hhahaha, mate??? hahah when do u go back to school?.
wednsday :s.
hahaha sucks for you! hahahaah we still have a month! :D. hey man i herd u are mad at julie, whats up with that?.
thats something i don't wanna talk about .. just don't .. pleaseLol, 1 month ?! i wish it was me!.
okay man thats cool :P, yeah, but it has been boring here, u should go vist david in germany.!.
No haha, hate that sucker country q:We just spent a few days in our cottage (:So everything is 'fine' here q:Say hi to your mom and dad and Chris from moi q:.
hahahaaha oh you are using your french skillshaha, i will doo :D..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TxGVSw6Ayw&NR=1&feature=fvwpCan you do this?!. or thishttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-_AwyH099U&feature=related.
i can kinda do the first one, and i do the big hit 3 or 4 times a game :D.
Yees haha q; What a belieber q:.
hahaha what, Do u mean BELIERBER, like justine beiber :D?. i ccan hear you on skype.
Heey Daniel :D long time ago dude :)really need your help to some English work.Dos this make sense ? Pete began to play drums, and then he was 9. Then he was about 14, his aunt proposed, she was a music teacher, that he with a couple of her students should form a band. Pete was also interested in ice hockey in the local club, were he was the goalie on the 1. Team. Hi’s ambitions about being a rockstar maked him loose his interest in the sport, and today Pete is playing in a upcoming band..
no, not really, what is it? it makes more scence like this, Pete began to play drums when he was 9. When he was about 14, his aunt, who was a music teacher, propsed that some of her students sould form a band. Pete was also interested in hockey, which he played for the local club, he was a goalie on the first team. His ambitions of becoming a rockstar made his loose his interest in the sport. thoday Pete is playing in an upcoming band. this is a bit better, what is this any way?.
it is some homework i should translate from Danish to English :D.
haha oh, yeah, well there it is :D. Hey man how Denmark  ?.
too cold q;.
to cold???? what is the temperature?.
not enough.
hahahah, yeah, well just wait for the sown, i know you love the sow :D. hey man long time no talk, some one told me your facebook got hacked.
Hey Daniel, my bad boy q;It is all to long /:But yes, my profile was hacked, but it is okay now (:So how are you ? :Dhow are your family?how is Chris and his girlfriend? (:can you tell me now, how long time are you staying in Denmark in the summer?and how long time do you want to stay at my house ?! :DMore than 1 day right ?! :Di really wish it!We can do a lot of stuff with our family's :Dmaybe the big "Sky-mountain" or Legoland ? :Dmaybe Tivoli ?! :D:Di miss you tons !! :Dand your family!  how are you guys? please let me now :Dand what is up with Alicia and Liam ? Miss you q:.
Hey man, Chris and the gormster are still going out, and Alicia and Liam were going and then they broke up but like 2 days later they got back together. Oh and about our trip to Europe, our family is still planing to see where to go, but we will visit you, I am not sure for how long, and when we are there we should go to tivolie!!! So how's school going? It snowed here yesterday, what's the weather like there? Miss ya :D.
SNOW ?! what the ....  :DHmm, no, it is really cold and rainy, and i mean really cold ! and wedensday, thursday and friday, we are going to practise the exam, so it is going to be tuff.I hope you will stay for more than 1 day!!But you have to let me know when you now it! :D.
Hah yeah I will tell you as soon as  I find out!. Oh and I heard your sister has a boyfriend!?!.
Yes, so i'm sorry to disapoint you q:.
Hahahah, I wanted to marry her!.
Heeey bad boy! Whats up? :D.
Haha not much it snow here today, and it's getting cold! I love winter!!!! How Denmark?!?.
Denmark is FREAKING COLD DUDE! SNOW ? what the duck home boy ? q:Any news about the summer ?.
sadly no news, about summer, but i will tell you as soon i find out! we still need to plan our trip, and i think we will be doing it soon! :d.
that is very good! :Di really wanna know it ! :D.
haha ill fill you in as soon as i find out!.
I hope so, White boy!.
HAha, and your not white?!?!?!.
noo, i'm living in Denmark dude!.
hahahaah yeah, how is your english class doing?.
Just fine.i just wrote a movie description about Inception.
I really that's sweet, we never get to do things like that, did u hear that Anne and Caroline are going to a summer camp in Lebanon?.
Yep (:and i am too old :/ but i can MAYBE go if they need 1 person (; But i wont because you are coming bad boy :D.
hahahaha, i have the option of going to that camp, but my parents think that it is too dangeruos! but i wish i could, and i cant wait to come visit you!.
But if you go, you can't see me? q:.
no, my parents say if I go to a summer camp i can also go to europe!.
Sweet !Nice, (:So if i go, and you go, we can eachother much more?. I have to go to bed now.See yaa gangstar (;.
hahahaah yeah see ya !!:D. hey big boy, guess who is going to czech republic ??/ me :P ahaa what is up?.
Why are you going there ? :Deverything is going smoooooooooth <3.
hahhaa i am going do a summer camp, dont worrie:P i wouldnt go to europe with my family with out seeing you!!! haha.
GOOOD!! :DI think we are going to spain :D.
ahahah you can see fc barcelona :D :D.
Nooo.Real Madrid :D.
are u actually?!?!.
No :(i dont think they are playing :D.
hahaha, well you can still be a holagian !.
Yes!! :Di will definately do that!. Hey brother :)Congrats with Chris :pCould you please sent me the recipe off "squares" ? :D.
Ahhaha thanks :) Ahah what "squares"?? Ah.
the candy / cake thing :Dwith rice krispies i think ;).
Ahah oh, with penut butter and chocolate?? Ahah.
Hahaha u to big guy.
with old tyler collet :P did u bike home ?.
No im at wilmot park right now.
oh, nice :D who u with>?.
Hey Mia told me you were the one who got her the plugin for deleting fb friends?.
ahah yeah, fo. do  you want it?.
Yah :p that'd be nice.
Its called UnfriendFinder, but I just looked at the website and it doesn't exist anymore. Lol.
Aww that sucks. Do you know if theres anyway you can transfer from like Mia's computer to mine?.
If she still have the .CRS (I think thats what it is) she can copy that file to yours and you can get it. Richard also has it if Mia doesn't.
Ah ok thanks...ill ask him since he know techy stuff better :p.
Haha, good luck!.
Hey.
 I am in Montreal, I can do it later in the week though..
Hey, is the econ 227 book (Statistics: for Business and Economics) still up for sale?.
Nope srry.
Hey.
 You are now friends with a local celebrity! $Congratz $.
Omg I'm so hounoured!. you know what I mean *honoured.
Thanks for the clarification! I was completely lost for a second!.
no problem, my cat walked on the keyboard so you know...
That is a lie! nice try tho.
Hey! I saw that you're in math 140, do you happen to have notes from last Friday? : o.
Sorry I dont, i havent taken notes yet in that class..
lol okay! Do you know anyone who would that I could message?.
Ash might take notes. Also anders is in that class too i think!.
Okay thank you!.
Hey have you done the web work yet? I need help with a question!.
yup come on up to 603!.
. Im not in rez rn. Its this question.. The f'(0) is right but the two limits are wrong.
just divide the functions by x. .
Oh thanks!!!!!.
its sort of a trick he explained it today. no problem!.
Hey, is the webwork called "ass4" optional, dont see why it is there.
It is not optional and it is due tomorrow! Found that out today :p.
Weird, do you know why there are two due in a row?.
Cause he's a dick?.
ahahah. Also has he said anything about making the final worth 85%?. rather than 55.
He hasn't, I don't think anyone has asked though. This is his first semester at McGill so you have to explain all these things.
Okay, ahah I think I may talk to him. good luck on the assignment. ttyl.
Okay you too! When you get #1 would you mind screenshotting me your answer cause I keep getting it wrong and idk if its a formatting thing or what...
The question about the shadow?.
yea!.
. here.
I guess I have been overthinking it haha.
did u have the same numbers?.
nope!.
do u know how to get the answer?.
I guess not :s would you mind explaining it?.
sure. ill take a pic of my work and send it. one sec. .
Thank you so much! Are you all done?.
nope, just did the first 2 questions.
Oh okay, I'm working on it now if you want to meet up? I'm done 3, 4, 5.
its okay, im still on campus, and am planning on putting it off for awhile. lol.
lol okay enjoy doing that!. Okay when you have time I have a question, I got the second one but about the formula: 2d(t)d'(t)+2x(t)x'(t)+2y(t)y'(t).  Is this a formula or is this just the derivative of the Pythagorean Theorem? Also why does it work?.
.
So is it just 3 chain rules?.
Yeah. I think so.
Have you been able to crack #7?.
Yeah.
can you share your wisdom please.
can u screen cap the question. I kinda guess, not really sure how it works ll.
lol if it works it works!.
try -9/16. I think that should work.
nope :/.
hmm. how many attempts do u have left on the question?.
8.
o kk try -3/4.
yay! :) Can you try my friend's too? haha sqrt(x)+ sqrt(y) = 8 and y(4)=36 find y'(4).
yeah it will be -3 i think.
So what is your method or are you just a wizard? (that worked).
lol. Implicit diff. the first equation, then u get y' = -sqrt(y/x)   The x value is just the number in brackets and the y value is whatever y(x) equals.
hmm, you make it sounds easy.  Could you send pics of your work for 9 and 10? We've been working on them for like an hour :p.
Still havent done them yet. Ill let you know when i finish them, prob tmr..
Okay! hopefully we will get them before then... Hey so I figured out 9 but if you have #10 I would be super grateful!.
I havent looked at it yet, but ill let you know  if i solve it!.
I got it if you need it!.
yeah, that would be great, can't solve it!.
. Okay so the first line is what you're working with.  Where I have 5 you type in your own number that is the x value in the (__, 0) point. (so mine was 5,0).  Then you input your x and y values from the other coordinate given and rearrange and solve for dy/dx which is m.
What was the other point given in the question?.
well I had two points one was (5, 0) and the other was (3,4).
Okay, Thanks for the help!.
no problem!.
I dont get question 10 at all! :/.
YOU CAN DO THIS. okay just give me your numbers and I will see what I can do.
lol my i have 5,0 and 2,2.
Try -1.50579003.
for M?.
yes.
Nope :(.
try -0.6773172948.
nope :(.
fucker. -0.67732 ?. 1.20220622348. or that.
Nope. In ur work how do u get 6dy/dx for the second half of the equaiton?.
I don't even remember but I ended up not using that I just plugged the numbers into the formula using Wolfram alpha which I am trying to do now but it isn't cooperating... 0.859513.
Nopeee !.
fuuuuuucckkk sorry I guess we're kinda out of time now :/.
yeah, Thanks anyways! :).
Have you gotten #8 or #19 on the webwork?.
Just started lol. If i get em ill let you know.
thanks, tried so many times on #8 I'm going to go nuts...
Follow this! https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20101006135102AAeTt3J. Should give u the right answer.
I have tried following it like 50 times and it always comes out wrong! D: what is the derivative of the cosine law? I think that's where I am messing up.
I havent got that far yet..
Okay well let me know when you do :p.
Yo, I got it. What are ur numbers.
. Just out of curiosity, were you able to come up with an answer with that?.
237.13451316238471915871720918887/(2sqrt(625+(385.67256581192359579358604594436)). Try this.
Nope :/.
I prob messed up the arithmetic. try following this http://www.freemathhelp.com/forum/threads/46808-Related-Rates-A-plane-flying-with-a-constant-speed-passes. it helped.
Okay will do thanks!. I got 8 I just need 19!. Last try, living on the edge.
ahaha, can you tell me how to do question 11?.
ye one sec. I'll take a pic. . .
thx!.
.
Why does sqrt(3^2+16^2) = 48?.
shoot I meant to scratch that part out too but I guess I didn't :p just use the correct value. Did it work?.
Nope. In the end was your denominator sqrt(265)?. nvm. got it!.
good!.
any luck with 19? Im stumped.
CLASSIC : U WERENT AT SCHOOL 2DAYYY lol.
haha.
lol :D did ya have fun at the dance? it was classic ahhahahah.
ya it was so classic.
hey. who is jess nagle?.
dont, no why?.
she added me.... haha.
Nice.
DEARJOHN       NO SPACES! HAHAHAHAHAH.
hahha.
hahaha :D good line good line. you coming to my party tmr?.
no, i cant :( my dad said no :(.
awww :( okay wish you could of !. heeey danny! :) havent talked to yaaa in forever boyyyy !ps: turkalough hahahah.
Yeah I know :p.
Its beeeen too too long hahaha :)how have you been?.
haha good you?.
Greaaaaaaaaaaat :)miss yah bud!. ainslee has been hackeddelete her or remove her from ur friends.
U there?.
Hey.
 Hey erin, me and jakob have decided not to go to the lake today, but insted we are going to go tomorrow, as it will be hotter :D. If u are iterested in going tomorrow, let me know :D.
well travis and i invited people for today, so were going today .. :).
haha okay then.
Hey Daniel,For the mini-camp I'm only able to come the friday night and leave on saturday, do you still want me to send you the registration forms or jsut bring them friday? & HOw much should I pay?.
Fill out the form and send it to me, and maybe youll just pay half or somthing,,, well figure it out :).
Hey.
 hey wanna go out.
Hey.
 hey i am going to Prague too thus summer :D.
its going to be soooooooo much fun i cant wait to meet you and everyone else.
ahahah me to. is this your first event ??.
Hey.
 hahaah, idk, i can tape if you want :d. but i dont know how we will do it..
haha you want to be the white kid? karim offered to be 30 black kids so like the whole class.
how will we do that'/?.
that's what i said, and he said "hollywood effects".
Hahaha imaginary effectes.
hey lutes. what's happenin'?.
on a deck! you?.
daniel lutes plays with tech decks? what a kid. :P.
hahaha what can i say i am a real rapscaliane.
do you think you'd ever take your prom date on a donkey and or horse?.
no but i would take a donkey or hoarse :D :D.
you'd take a donkey with a hoarse voice?.
helll yeah!@ man  i gtg  talk to ya later!.
c ya.
!.
hey lutes, are you trying out for the fhs team?.
hahah hell to the no!.
ahaha, dayum, boy. that's not gangsta.
hahah ur telling me, are u?.
yep, i'm gonna try me best.
ahah, whos ur competion...?.
cameron rae. cameron lagdon and alex cameron if they choose to try out.
alex cameron goes to leo hayes....
does he?. oh go figure. well then cameron langdon.
hahaha, so will rae try out>.
i'm not sure, that depends on whether he one provincials. because if so he's off to nationals during october. and the coach will not pick him.
i like dem odds!].
me too :P. hahahaha, i wished your little brother a happy birthday thinking it was you.
ahahahaahh thats sweet what did u say?.
hey wanna trade bikes.
Sure.
Really.
Ask ur parents I don't care.
Yea I will bike over on monday and then we will trade then.
is it okay  with your parents?.
yep.
=and they said it is okay?.
yea. Yes.
when do u want to trade?.
Anytime soon.
jared told me u did noT ask troy.....
Yea I did.
okay wat did he say.
Idc.
okay cool, when are u coming to trade then?.
U should bike over with jared abd shawn today.
no, you should, i am no biking over just to trade, u come here'.
Ok.
wait, i still need to ask my dad.i give u the awser tomorrow.
Hey.
 Hey i am going to prauge too this summer :D And i noticed that you know Caroline Rask :D How? haha.
yea who's your friend??.
Rachel Siu.
what room?.
329.
kk I'll drop it off.
Thanks!.
the person wasnt in their room but i put it on the desk.
Oh hahha. Thats my room. Im giving her the phone she lives in doug! Thanks alot!.
Hey.
 DENIZ!!! today I revived the TURKISH DELIGHTS!!! Thank you soo much!!! My family loves them too! :D man i didnt know you would send me 2 kilos of happiness! /:D:D i have your package of Canadian candy, it wont be as good but i will try! :D :D :D but First i need your intentional address!!!! :D Thanks agian!                        daniel :D.
Adnan Menderes Mahallesi, Armagan Sokak, Korupark Evleri Sedir 4 Daire:50, Emek Osmangazi BURSA TURKEY.
hey man, good and bad news good news is i have the pakage bad news is it take 8 weeks to ship.
You really dont need to send me anything. Remember this as a turkish jesture :D.
HHAHA, no i am goiong to send u somthing weather u like it or not~! canadian gesture!. Hey Deniz! long time no talk, how is school?.
God its so hard... Actually not hard im takin IB program and its basically sufficating. Lots of homework loads of projects. With IB combined with Turkish curriculum, that is what makes it hard. Im going to istanbul for a conferance this weekend and i have exams next week... Besides that im fine and miss everyone a lot.  :D.
What is the conference on?.
it is tok (theory of knowledge) conferance mostly about culture and global culture globilization stuff :).
thats cool. Hey liam told me that in turkey having a girlfriend is rare... is that true?.
not in the region where I live but still not as much as the europen and the western contries. But if you go to eastern regions there are really conservative parts where it is kind of unusual if you are not marriage serious with her. By the way good luck with your girlfriend.
ahahah, thanks. Also another question. I have to write a term paper on Alexander the great, and i heard that in the middle east they dislike him... is that true? and if so why?.
I dont think middle easterns know back to the Alexander the great they are probably not interested what happened before islam was born but even they know i can not see a reason why they woudnt like him. Also as far as i know the libraries made by alexander was used Islam reunosance.
Huh..
so was it helpful??. islam Renaissance.
haah yeah, it was. Ahahah i like ur profile picture by the way :P hahahah.
sorry :D. what can I do they cannot resist also if you like it then like it :). you already did :).
ahahha, Deniz the Turkish Player :D ahah.
so you are sophmore this yaer (idk if i spell it right) which means 2nd year of high school right?.
yeah, but we dont call it that here. that is an american thing, we say tenth grade, it sucks....
excatly we also say 10th grade too we dont have names for years. But you know your curriculum is much easier, a ninth grader in turkey can easily get a 700 in SAT at math part..
Shit, man some kids in my class today had to ask how to divide... its crazy, kid dont really care here, thats why the good students have to study their own stuff....
what how to divide!! you dont wanna know what we learn in 10th grade or in hisgh schoool at all because its really complicated.
ahahah, i wish it was like that here... but insted we do stupid shit!i hate my school, i am trying to get my parent to let me study abroad next year....
slow down... To start with you dont want this because we try to learn everything and 90 percent of them is unnecessary for life we just learn it for university enterance exams. And what do you do at school why do you hate it??.
ahha, at my school we cant take advanced classes untill grade 11, so i have to wait, i want to be a politician, or economist..
wow dont really know waht to say about it but again good luck with everything hope you do the best.
ahaha, so, do enter university they only look at an exam mark, and thats it?.
yes unfortunately yes no school marks no appllications no nothing just that one big exam.
wow, what about after school activities, and other accomplishments?.
nothing but the exam and the reason if there were applications or other things tna exam there would be huge amounts of bribing and cheating through documents.
wow,  do u have an issue with bribing in Turkey?.
Hi daniel ! im from Salvador Brazil and Mariana Bacellar told me that you will be in the summer camp in praga!!.
aha yeah :D i am soo excited! so how long have you been involved with cisv?.
yeahh me too! i've been in cisv since 4 years ago, i looove cisv !what about you ?.
hahaha i love ciisv too :D i have been in it for 5 years :P.
. Are you familiar in C?. Cuz I'm stuck with my assignment.
I done a little bit of C before. I can help..
. So here's my program. The gist of the program is to input a date. and then tell which day of the week the date is. so the formula should be right and everything. but when I run the program. and I type in my stuff after the printf prompt. It doesn't do anything when I press enter. . like this just doesn't do anything.
print the variable Y. Put the print line statement on line 25. See if the year is output properly..
so add printf("Y"); on line 25?. nothing is popping up in the program. only shows the original statement "Enter a date in the form ...".
printf("%i", Y);. put that on line 25. that should print the variable if it being properly store. stored.
oh yea it's not printing. hmmm so it wasn't properly stored.
yea, its because of your scanning. printf("%i", D);  <---- replace the line 25 with this.. can u send me the text file of the code?.
.
Okay yea so the problem is that when you do your first scanf you are taking in the whole line of input from the user. For example if the user input 19960323 the variable D stores 19960323. and M and Y are never assigned values.. Does the assignment require that exact prompt?.
yea it does. i hate this prof.
ahaha, yea, the prof is being annoying with this question on purpose i think. So what you have to do is take the input from the user as a string, and then break the string up into 3 smaller strings, the Day, Month, and Year. Then parse those strings into int and then continue from there. The rest of your code looks right tho..
ah ok! thanks a lot for the tip. and for helping me at 1:24 am lol.
Yea, no problem man!. yo. I think there is a mistake in the formula part of your code too..
hmm where?.
I dont know. But i tried some test values and I am not getting the right result.
oh it doesn't work for January and February. I still need to do adjustments for that.
oh okay.
but it should work from March - December.
. here is another way to take the input in and break it down. its cleaner.. I put those printlines of day month and year in for testing purposes..
ooh wow thanks!. do you mind sending me a version that's not going horizontally tho lol.
oh is the file all on one line?.
ya.
. try this one.
hmmm same thing. I can read it in one line tho it's no problem.
lol wait nvm that solution wont work all the time. forgot what i said.. lol.
this is a tough assignment haha. this prof is notorious for giving tough assignments. . Just doing 1/4th of the assignment is tough enuf.
Lol. shitty. who is the prof?.
his name is nathan friedman. he probably only teaches our course. cuz he's taught it for 10 years.
ahah, yea. Well good luck on the assignment!.
thanks. Ok I figured out a way to solve my initial problem.
Oh, cool. Did it take long to figure it out?.
an hour lol. . neat right?.
oh nice, thats a good solution!.
Hey Daniel. Still working on my assignment. but was wondering if u have any ideas. if for example today is January 4th and my program assigns it a number from 0-6. and for this random date it assigns it as 2. which means Tuesday. how do I write a program that will tell me the next time it's tuesday.
What do u mean the next time it is Tuesday?.
Never mind it's a really tough assignment and I don't want to give you headaches as well. lol if u're done with ed board. u can come up to the 2nd floor. where we might be playing league haha.
Its thirsday lol no edboard 2nite!.
i mean tmr.
Oh hahah, that makes more sense! Yea, depending on how much work I get done tonight ill come..
yea get on it haha!. U need to show off ur. tris skills. What's the prompt. to test the ping. at SSMU. haha.
ping 216.52.241.254. lol.
87. it's not too bad.
Thats definitely playable! I don't think I am gonna make it tonight, I am working on my feature which is due Saturday, and I haven't started it yet..
haha that's alright. Good luck oon your feature!.
ahaha thanks, I think i will need it! Are you writing any features this year?.
probably not this semester I just have too many writing projects on my deck rn but definitely next.
Do you know what you would do it on?.
I actually want to do something on the ethics of AI. I originally thought about self driving cars. but now with all the talk on fake news.
Both of those would be really cool!.
Is there a decision yet?. on who would become the next boss.
For EIC?.
yea.
Nothing official yet. But nick is the only person who applied. So i think it will be nick!.
lol I think so too. u're gonna stay?.
Ye i plan on it! Are u thinking of coming back?.
na not as an editor.
Thats fair.
although u never know I've been thinking of returning as features editor in my last year.
Yea, features editor seems like the most fun editor spot.
I'll do it when I feel like I can impart knowledge to the future generation haha. do u guys know who's running for managing ed yet.
No i dont think the applications are out yet..
oh ok. lol I'm starting to think that if arts students. took comp 208. half would drop out. I'm serious.
Ahahah i feel that way w/ all of my CS courses. Lol.
Yea maybe this is just my first one. but holy shit. the assignments. are so tough. i think u sort of expect this in engineering but when everyone i know is panicking.
Ahahah when u solve a problem the resulting euphoria is all worth it in the end..
yea but I feel like this course will either. scar you for life. or make you love programming.
Ahhhahahahah ye true.
has there been an official announcement of EIC yet. can I send a congratulatory message to nick my former boss haha.
Yup! It is nick!.
haha I'll probably work in the board. just to annoy Nick.
Hahahajajaj.
do u know outclass?.
nope. What is it?.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNpC1tWctwM. albert and I played with this guy.
Ohhh coool.
he's a mcgill student. and albert tried to impress him lol by playing lee sin.
Hahaha. Was he impressed?.
No he was under immense pressure lol. At first he didn't realize who outclass was. And then I told him about the Azir montage. And he was like "holy shit". Can you look into the mobile version of the trib site.
lol after exams ye.. We are gonna be doing a lot of work on the site over the summer..
Nice!. Who's your new web developer partner.
A guy named Parth. I have only spoken to him briefly, but he seems like a good guy..
can I make one web request haha. can you add back the issuu link back to the website when you fix it/redesign it etc.
ahah, yea, we are planning on doing that when we design stuff!.
great. Good luck on the redesign haha. third redesign in two years?.
ahaha, yea, it isnt going to be as drastic as the one last year. More of a rearrange than a redesign..
Hey.
 oh hi. haha.
hows it goin.
goood u.
good, how was the party.
hhshahhaahaahhah it was... interesting.
yeah. you were pukin in the lawn last time i saw you.
hhaahah, yeah i think i had a little too much... hahaha how did u like the party?.
it was greeeat.
ahaha were u drunk?.
yes i was.
hahhaha,when did u leave?.
12:30. ish.
how was that football thing the next day\?.
didnt go.
where u the only onwe?.
Hey.
 . . .
what is for homeordwok in socaildsd studeis.
I wasn't there!.
thheennn whens are test.
thursday!!!. hockey at 530.
Cant go bein homeless 2nite duh.
bb plz.
Bbg i cant uno dat.
bbc kk]. .
Webwork?? I said 10$ for a webTWERK...
Ohhhhhhh fuck.
2morrow. Hey dan! Do you or anybody you know want a ticket to chance the rapper on oct.21? I cant go anymore so im willing to sell for 40$$.
Ill ask around!.
Thank u my friend.
U guys at the place yet?.
Yeeeee. 951 regent st!.
Apartment numeric?. # number?.
http://song.urbanmusicdaily.me/?link=audiorok.com/4h8woextyucw.
Yoo. U guys still at peel.. Yo drinks 2nite? Or do u have to do frosh stuff?.
Im down!! Have to do this casino night thing for it til 9  free after!.
Nice, liam jmac and will are also down..
Kkkk, ill meet up with you guys after im done!.
Nice.
Sup.
Omw to will apt now. U still at casino night?.
Hey.
 hey.
whats up.
watching a movie, you>.
nice! what movie? hanging out with katie.
otoole. What a champ!.
haha yep :p. we saw u at queen square yesterday :p.
really, were u swiming?.
haha yep. what were u guys doin?.
going for a little stroll And u guys were tanning?..
cool! haha yep.
yeah, so what have u been up to the last couple of years.
nothing really! u? i havent talk to u since grade 7 not good :(.
haha, yeah..
lol. have u talked to logan^. ?*.
milne? not really why?.
ya! just asking.
who is she dating?.
nic something lol.
are u still friends with her?.
ya i barely see her or talk to her though :(.
oh, are u friends with Fiona?.
ya we havent talk in awhile! y.
haha just wondering..
haha kk.
so who do u ahng with.
katie and ppl u dont know lol.
hahah cool.
haha yep! who do u hangout with.
karim richard du joshs liu,,, and others u dont know :3.
sweet! karim havent talk to him in awhile lol :p.
ahah yeah, hes kinda quiet..
haha ya. hows your summer been?.
aha it been good, what about you?.
good have ya done anything exciting?.
I went to France, thats was cool, have you?.
thats awesome :) i want to go lol! nope.
ahah u def should..
i wish.
haha.
i would have to wait when my bro is older lol or when i can go by myself.
how old is ur bro.
turning two on sunday.
ahahah, I thought u were going to say like 15  or somthing lol.
haha nope! were 14 years a part lol.
is he ur half bro.
yep. how many siblings do u have^.
2 bros].
sweet. katie says hi lol.
ahah tell katie that i challange her to a fight,...
when or where? im comin to watch. and*.
ahaha< I am calling it off... I am scared of her.
me and her will beat u up.
ill take u on and win..
hmm no! i might be tiny but im strong.
oh sure,.
lets see bucko!. first day of school me and u!.
in the middle of the caf.
lets do it!.
deal.
u better not forget.
oh i wonr. wont.
thats good!. do u have phone?. nvm.
haha no.
oh lol. what courses did u take for grade 11.
3 sciences history la maths all lvl 1 and computer science and entrperuship.
nice! your going to be busy lol.
u>.
bio, chem, history, 1 math, english, entperuship, keyboarding, and i forget the other two lol.
kewl.
.
. Alvin can u skype I have a chem question.
Not at this moment, but what is it?.
Do u remember the question on the Chem test using hess's  law where you have three known Standard Molar Enthalpies, and one unknown, all in a reaction, and you have to find the SME of the unknow. https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/v/t34/1978678_10152066308243800_1297706775_n.jpg?oh=f50eca500cf5581b87549013257e5171&oe=53206B1E&__gda__=1394628186_af1709118dc13e07811cd2ff18198e58. Q6.
What's the right answer?. Is it-4120.8.
I have no idea. How u get it?.
Hess's law plug and chug.
Oh FUCK. I DINT SEE THAT Hrx THERE! FUCK. OKAY THANKS!.
Haha you're welcome.
ALSO why did she lose 3 marks on 4>???].
On the right hand side you have to add the mass of the ice to the 30g. I think.
Okay makes sense.
Not sure though. Hey, where are you guys.
I went home. Josh is by tims.
In the sub?.
Ya.
Hey, what's your address?.
75 coburn dr..
Aight.
. Trivia 2nite?.
. 730 right.
Come at 715. So we can get a table.
Alright, see us then. Ya.
Sweet. Ur coming 2 nite right?.
Yeh.
Sweet. C u at 8. U coming?.
Hey, were planning on eating at 1. You coming?.
If my meeting is over ill come.
Sure, let me know when you're done. Everyone else doesn't have a phone.
kk. palate?.
I think that's where we're going. We're at the palate, so walk down when you're done..
kk sounds good. ill be done soon. have u orderd yet?.
No. Still waiting to get seated.
Kk.. Omy. Chunky's?.
Yep, time?.
12?.
1215¿.
sure. yo, do u need a drive?.
Sure.
kk, richard will pick u up. Talk 2 him.
Uep.
530 dt.
Place?.
good question..
Tell me when you decide.
kk. Were at lunch cafe. Come now.
Okay.
Hey, not going 2 trivia 2day.
Aight.
Yo, trivia tonight?.
Where at?.
The Cap.
Sure thing.
Nice!.
it starts at 830, right?.
yea..
Hey.
 ?.
I have a virus and it sent a message to everyone, i deleted it.. Sorry.
Oh shit, np man. Good luck w/ the virus!.
yeah im almost done. have you?. i have the answers.
Can u tell me how to do questions  17 part b?.
. here.
Thanks  dude!.
they are the official answers. no worries man.
Where did u find those?.
someone sent them to me wednesday night. Isaia.
Sweet!.
french dude on your floor.
Hey man, has Isaia sent you the solutions to the Econ 230 assignment?.
Nah man when is it due?.
I think its Thursday or some shit.
:/. Ill look for some with him later.
kk sweet, I've been looking but cant find anything..
yo dude louis has the answers. let me get them off him and ill send them to you.
Alright  sweet!.
yah i reckon it can be copied properly in about an hour and a half. here you go.
Thanks man!!.
heeeeeeey :]you should send me anything thats real rich, in his inbox ;).
hehehehw , idk I'm still kinda looking thru it . so are we having a sleepover tmr ? :D. hey did u do an interveiw for the summer camp yet?.
nope not yet, sometime this week though, did you?.
yeah me and liam already did, some one said that there is 5 girls appylling, do u know any who are?.
how did yours go? and no i have no idea, is megan do you know?.
megan is too old, my was good, it wasnt tuff at all! she just asks you like 5 questions it takes like 10 minutes tops!.
oh okay! well thats good, is it just you and liam applying for the guys? and possibly pierre and micheal?.
yeah i think peire and micheal are applying, what is micheals last name???.
oh gosh, i think its either like kockel (dont know how to spell it) or flood, one of them is pierres and one is micheals. just did the interview, it was okay but you were right, there were some stumpers..
Hahah yeah, did she say when you'll know??.
no she didn't! she did however say the first delegation meeting was march 27 so they must be telling us soonish?.
Yeah I hope so! I'm on the edge of my seat!!!.
Dennnny! are you around this week for some deli time?.
naw!~ i in the states i come back sunday... so i yah wanna wait i can do it monday!.
monday sounds brilliant! yeah heard you were in new york... lucky!. Nicola wants to know if you could ask your brother what time the src meeting is monday. nevermind.
k, cool. When's deli time!?!?!?!?!?.
monday! sometime in the afternoon!. will you be home by monday or are you stuck in new york?.
No, we ended up renting a car and driving, deli time is still on :D.
goood! you had me worried there for while, is the hurricane actually that bad?.
haha, not really, but they like shut down new work all the subways and bridges and shit, they made a big deal out of nothing!.
hahahaha wow they're ligit, I hope they get hit with nothing! I need to go so I'll see you monday!.
K, see ya then.
what time are you up for meeting at?.
anytime. hey hiw come u didnt talk to liam?.
about meeting today? I did haha.
Haha oh, well then what time is it at?.
whatever time I guess, nicola said 4, I was kind of thinking earlier but really whatever works.
k, yeah her mmeeting is at 12. where are we meeting?.
right I forgot she had src, don't know, we can meet here?.
Sounds good to me..
Okay can you let Liam know tell ask liam to text nicola?. Nicola's coming 4 to 6 30 ish.
kk i just about to leave.
FACEBOOK OFFICIAL NOW.
...photos... remember?.
two steps ahead of yah!.
K, where are they?>.
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2159712306922&set=a.2159254615480.121006.1069965490&type=1&theaterhttp://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2159768748333&set=a.2159254615480.121006.1069965490&type=1&theaterhttp://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2159770548378&set=a.2159254615480.121006.1069965490&type=1&theaterhttp://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2159759068091&set=a.2159254615480.121006.1069965490&type=1&theaterhttp://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2159606224270&set=a.2159254615480.121006.1069965490&type=1&theaterhttp://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2170147647799&set=a.1540600069503.75165.1069965490&type=1&theater. just sent 6. do we need more?.
wanna do me a favor and just put those on a usb?.
I can't find a usb, and I swear to you i'm not just saying that.
neiither can i... send to nicola!.
okay!. she doens't have a usb... i'll send them to liam.
good luck!.
yeah... thanks haha, if I go to my moms after school though she should have one so I might be able to tomorrow.
kk sounds good to me :D.
but liam claims he'll do it!.
Oh wait out of no where?!.
well I asked him too and he said he would. your password = whycantiyou're welcome by the way.
Your Funny!.
Thanks Denny!. Could you send me that girls name?.
who?.
Asian girl from the Portuguese summer camp dele.
Not so hard...http://www.facebook.com/nicole.park2. here is thre registration form, make an event..
Did we decide on a picture?.
use the one on the form.
Are you doing anything tonight?. And don't not answer me!. COME TO MONIE'S RINGETTE.
Naw.
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU. like preferably at school, not via any form of technology.
k. sure, about what?.
Monie.
K, like tmr?.
Yep that would be perfect, will you be hanging around the cafeteria for a little bit after exams?.
Yeah.. hey, i cant go, i have hockey..
It's at 5 30, you couldn't make part of it?.
my hockey is at 6, so maybe after it... i dont know, when does it end>?.
just answer me this, would you ever consider getting back with monie? I swear to god she's not with me or she didn't ask me or i'm not going to go run and tell her I just want to know for my own sake, please answer me honestly.
Honestly, no..
would you ever tell me why?. ANd not like why as in pointing out all her flaws, I mean if you still like her, assuming you do so correct me if i'm wrong, then I just don't get, and not even because she's my best friend either.
In all honesty i just got tired of it, i had been with her for quite a while, and i stoped having the feeling that i did before, so i dont like her the way i did..
Ok well thanks for telling me and it makes sense, regarding supper because it's at 5 30 we'll probably be done about 6 30 or 7 but you can always text liam or something to ask if we're still there?.
k. Too legithttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lkaNBKVhAY&feature=plcp.
hahahaha Mark's definitely a new danish pop sensation!.
here is the form you need to fill out for the election(which is happening at the welcom back mini camp...).
Thank you!. Is there a CISV meeting tomorrow?.
I think.... no its next week.
Ok, thanks haha. Do you know where it is?.
my house. Is the free the children thing tmr?.
Yep, so don't forget your sheet!.
do u have a digital copy to send me, my dad through mine out.
I don't but I could take a picture of it and send it to you that you could print? I have no idea if that's actually possible... If not your parents could just write a note saying they give Free the Children permission to  take pictures and things and publish them?. What time do you leave in the morning?.
Ill get them to write a note.  Where is it happening. /what class?. /when.
Top floor teaching theatre at the beginning of fourth, in the note include the date, school name, your name and home phone number. Did you get that message?. Can I email you a picture of it? There's some other things you need to include.
Sounds good, u can just fb message it to.
I would if I knew how to do it on my iPod.. Not the brightest when it comes to this thing.
Haha k.
What's your email?.
Daniel_lutes@yahoo.com.
I gave up and went to a real computer, can you see it?.
Where did you send it?.
Through facebook. And again to your email if that didn't work.
i got it. thanks!!!.
Not a problem. Is the Coffee House Wednesday or Thursday?.
wennesday.
Ok thanks!. Hey! So if Tuesday works for you are you still up for making a short clip? It shouldn't take all that long and there will only be a few of us here.
Sounds good! Where and when?.
I was thinking 1ish and we can just meet at my house!.
Any idea for the clip?.
I was thinking some super corny Rick Mercer "let's see how much information we can get into 15 seconds with it still be interesting" dramatic rant kind of thing, if that made any sense at all, but I'm still going to talk to a few people to see what they think. Do you have ideas?.
No clue. Ill think about what it could be.
Alright!.
How many people will be there.
About 5, and can you bring a video camera? I have one it's just not the best. Happy birthday by the way!!.
Alright, and thanks! Still at one?.
Yep!. When you finish the other videos would you be able to send them to me? Thanks!.
kk. We have a slight problem, we don't really have enough footage for two promos, but if we use all of the footage in one promo it will be too long, and really incoherent..
Ok that's fine! We don't need more then one anyways, and they can be shorter then 15 seconds!.
k.
Would you be able to send me all the video clips for the announcements?.
I am having trouble uploading them, they will be up by tmr..
Ok sounds good!.
Do you want the files, or the youtube videos?. Do you want the files, or the youtube videos?.
Uh I'm not really sure hahaha, I can ask to Oreos and we can just wait to play them Wednesday?.
lol wut?.
Hahaha that was supposed to say tomorrow.
ahah alright, sounds good..
What's your address again? Pretty sure I know where it is but just in case.
75 coburn Dr..
Ok thanks see you at 7. Hey! Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?.
I am leaving tmr..
Oh ok! For where?.
To Calgary to be a JC what did you need me for?.
Oh right, well have fun! I'm hanging out with a few of the JC's for the minicamp in Fredericton this afternoon so I was just going to see if you wanted to come downtown for a bit, so no worries!. Go look at the Humans of Fredericton post I tagged you in, is that the guy from the north side liquor store back when we were raising money for Prague?.
Ahhhhhhhhhh!!! Thats is him! The caption on the photo makes absolutly no sense... I am glad to see that guy is still alive thoo....
Hahahahaha I know right?? I was just trying to figure it out but just kinda gave up when I realized who it was.. True though! Nice to see he's still around.
Ahaha, I wonder how old he is... So when to you leave for Switzerland?.
Hmmm ya I wonder! I don't leave until September 2nd! You're off to McGill right?.
Ye! How do you feel going with Alicia?.
Mixed emotions haha, on one hand it'd be really cool to be able to really just be on my own without any kind of ties to home but on the other I think it'll make the beginning a lot easier and more comfortable kind of thing! Are you excited about McGill?.
Yeah. I think so... Its kinda weird being graduated. But I am glad to get out of Fredericton!.
Yeah! Can you pick it up after 9 today?.
Where can i pick it up.
3516 Lorne.
Okay sure.. My roommate will be there.. hey. Heading over now.
Ok cool.
what is the apartment number.
Hey.
 what do i have to do for history?.
I don't know if you were Here today but we had an evacuation that lasted all period so it's not due until Wednesday. I think we need someone to go geography.
ahh thats sweet okay thanks.
Hey sorry Math 133 is on hold! But i'm selling econ 230 for $45 :) let me know if you're interested!.
Yeah, Ill take it!.
perfect! when do you want to meet?.
12:00 tmr?.
12 sounds good!!!. at the roddick gates?.
Sure thing. See you then!. Who are the authors of the text. I think they changed books from last year..
The authors are Pindyck and Rubenfeld.
Yeah. Thats not the one they are using this year. I guess I don't need it anymore. Sorry 󾌣.
Hey.
 Im not doing that part, jack is. But u just say how you would change the procedure to yield more accurate results abd also list ur answers. ..
aight dog thanks.
NP bbg.
talking to morgan?she tell you yet?because i know too. :).
will you tell me?.
will you tell me if you like sarah? webb.. you don't know who she is?. how about you tell me who you think it might be..i'll tell you if your right or wrong..
i have like no clue... just discripe her.
long-ish dark hair. tanned skin. no freckles. she's french?.
okay still dont know... do you have a picture of her?.
yeahh..
can you send it to me?.
are you talking about sarah? or the person who likes you? i have a picture of the person who likes you, but im not sure i have one of sarah?.
then show me the person who likes me.
oh. no.im pretty sure you know who she is.i think this would be a lot easier if you just told me the person you kinda like in grade 7 and i'll tell you who it is..
okay who is it?.
no, you have to tell if if you like someone in grade 7, and if you do, you have to tell me who it is..only after you tell me that i will tell you..
come on just tell me.
hmmm. no.
man just tell me.
only if you tell me who you like first. :).
oh my god just tell me.
sorry. why don't you just tell me... want more hints..
yeah.
hey denni boy.
Big boi!.
so. are you guys messing up there denni??. hahah. i have to go sleep bra.
hahahhah srry man i left my computer on....
are you going to breakfast tomorrow?.
No, i have to go to school :`(.
i see :/. see you at school though.
See ya there :).
Hey.
 . Hey sally. Yea all of that is fine.. Can you take a photo of the washing machine. Hey can you send me this months rent?.
Oh sure I forgot that. Im sorry.
Thanks. Also have you moved out yet?.
You mean my roommate?.
Oh, are you staying for the whole summer?.
My sister will be here so I rent for the whole summer.
Oh okay. I thought that you were renting my room for storage or something..
And she doesn't mind if you want to rent other rooms out.
Ill let you know then that I am going to be in the apartment  from June 5 to 8th.. But we wont be renting the rooms.
I mean last time my roommate has her concern but she's moving out this month. So it's okay if you want to rent them.
Okay, So when I get there on June 5th, the only person in the apartment will be your sister?.
Can you tell me your email address for the e-transfer?. Yes.
okay sounds good..
My roommate is leaving on June 4th.
my email is daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com.
. Can you see that now?.
No not yet. It takes a some time though. Hey, i got the transfer. Thanks!.
🙂. Hey are you coming back in the afternoon?. I might be there. Can you send me a message when you are about to arrive?.
Hey. Ill be arriving in 10 minutes.
Ok I'm at home.
Hey can you let your sister know that my roommate is coming back tonight. He will be staying in the room across from the kitchen.
Sorry I didn't see it. Anyway, he's here. And he said you're coming back on 27th, right?.
28th.. When are u guys going to be moved out?.
We are looking for the moving company now.
Okay. So when do u think you will be gone by?.
If it's possible, we will move out on 28th. Now we are still waiting for the reply from the moving company..
Okay! Let me know when you find out! :). Is your sister moving out at the same time as you?.
Yes we are moving out together..
Okay, sounds good! :).
Hey Daniel, I think the mover took your garbage bin and maybe sth else. And I left some of my stuff there, can I come by tomorrow?.
I am going to be out of the house tomorrow..
It's Ok, then when do you have time?.
Monday morning. What did u leave here by the way.
I think there's a kettle, and maybe a mouthwash. I'm sorry they took your bin..
Ahaha, its okay, i didnt notice it was gone!.
Hi Daniel, I’m your lessee. :) Just wanna say that if convenient, let’s contact through FB or texting cuz I always forget to check my e-mail. :( Lots of Thanks..
. Oh hey. Just seeing this now. Yea, facebook works best for me too!.
Hi Daniel, sorry to bother you. I’m just wondering if it’s possible for the girl that came with me that day to move some of her belongings in on April 30th. She’s not gonna stay there but just put her things in. And by the way, please remember to give us your bank account information:) Thanks.󾌸.
Hey, yea that is fine. She can come by tmr morning or afternoon. To e-transfer the money you just need my email. For the person staying all summer, email the money to Daniel.P.Lutes@gmail.com .  For the other person she can email the money JoshLiu96@gmail.com..
Yeah Thanks. Got it!. Hey Daniel, so sorry me and my roomie are soooo busy at packing up. We might be able to make the transfer tomorrow but if not, we will make it latest by May 1st. Sorry about that....
Yea thats fine. Are you guys coming over tomorrow to drop stuff off..
It would be perfect if we could! Is tomorrow okay for you?.
Yea, that sounds good. Ill be home cleaning most of the day. What time are you thinking of coming over tmr?.
Wow nice. Thanks a lot! I will come at around 2pm. Works for you?.
Sounds good!.
Lots of thanks. Then I’ll see you tmr. :). Sorry Daniel, my roomie just told me she wants to come right now? R u home?.
Ye. No problem.
Hi Daniel, we’ve made the payment. Please check if you guys have recieved it! The answer to the secure question is bikeboat7at. And we would really like to know are u guys coming back sometime?. Also, did u say there is a fan? Where is it?.
Hey. The fan is in the laundry room. And i will be back on June 6th for my brothers graduation. Ill only be there for 2 days..
Yea thats ok. How about your other two roomies?.
Yea, they wont be back this summer..
Okay. Have a nice summer!. Have you received the rent? It’s our first time doing the e-transfer so we are a bit nervous about it!.
Yup i just got it!. Thanks, have a good summer too!.
Hi Daniel, I temporarily moved to the third bedroom last night cuz I found there is bug in the one you guys assigned to me. My roomie will go bug pesticide today, but... I might need to stay in the third bedroom for a few more days cuz I’m literally sooo afraid of bugs... Just wanna check it is okay?.
Yea, that is fine. Which room are u staying in?.
. This one right now..
oh i mean what room were u starying in, the room with a bug?.
Oh the one without window.
oh okay..
Thanks a lot.. Hi I just saw this e-mail and in this case, I will transfer the rent to your account tonight! Is it working? Sorry to bother you again.. .
Oh, Okay. He is in china right now..
Okay, but now I’m staying in the third bedroom. And Rachel is about the rent the room without window to somebody.. But anyways, I will transfer the rent to your account first.. Hi Daniel, just so you know that my roommate will give one set of key back to you on the date you are back. you can contact her for time to meet up or something. Or she can leave one set of key in the mailbox... It depends on which one you prefer..
Im going to be back in the apartment so ill get it then..
Hey.
 .
. Sorry it starts from June.
Oh okay, never mind. Good luck!.
DLutes. I hear your a man who can get things.
lol. Wut?.
I was high. I think it's a shawshank reference.
ahaha, Im red. Ur andy.
Ye ye. Except I don't think I was going to ask you for a rock hammer. Dan where do you work?.
Bingo.
Is that a company or do you mean you're a bingo caller?.
Bingo helpwr.
I see I see.
So we stay at robs?.
Ye ye.
Kool.. I don't get off till 9 now I think. Ill prob get a drive out.
Alright then I'll schedule with Rob accordingly.
Kk. Hey are u at robs now?. .
So you're down for a Halifax trip sometime this summer?.
Maybe if I havr that cash flow!.
Hey Dan I haven't heard from you for a while.
Ahaha hey man! Hows toronto?.
Bitcoin. Bitchin.
Ahaha what?. Oh hahaha. Cool what u studying?.
Enviro science. We are doing what's best for global warming. And I hope my prods could speak English.
Aahhaa. Do u like ryerson?.
Not bad. Bit I'm not in Ryerson anymore.
Where are u now?.
York.
Oh cool. Why did u transfer?.
Because I didn't like business at Ryerson and I found myself that I'm better at envio and York is known for envio.  So that's why.
Yea york has a higher ranking. So it sounds like an upgrade!.
I know it is a higher school, so I havd to use a transcript from online school. It's hard to study when you have ADSD like me.
Ye i can imagine! Did u go back to Fredericton this summer?.
No. I would tried to meet you if I visited there.
True. So does your family live in Toronto now?.
Yeah.
Oh cool. Where in Toronto do u live?.
Yonge and Ellington. It's not really far away from Harlem. See u I have to class.
Peace out.
Hey buddie I just got a new phone!!! What's ur number?.
nice mine is 506 261 0224.
I've been doing a some research about fascism and I found that 9000 Nazis fled to South Africa and also responsible for apartheid.
Really. I know that alot of nazi's went to Argentina.  Where did u read that?.
Article about fascism and Aparteid.
Thats fucked up!. Are you reading this for class?.
Yup. . hey are you visiting toronto this summer?.
Naw man. Im working in Fredericton this summer..
.
Lol wtff.
It is just a meme for liberals. Wonder if you understand this.
Ahahaha. I dont get it!.
Hey.
 How was the exam????.
Yes son. It is me. What's up, gangster?.
Ahahah.  Living life. How the fuck are you?  And I hope you voted for coon in thr election....
I'm not 18 yet. That answers both of your questions. I guess the DCoon thing wasn't a question. Whatever.
hahaha. LAME!. Why are u back on FB?!.
I'm not, I made this when I was drunk and don't intend to use it.. Don't let that keep you from sending me shit mind you, and you can always email me. faerieprincess69@gmail.com.
Do u check that at all?.
Everyday or almost everyday. I've let a bunch of people know that's how to contact me.. Though literally no one has, so maybe I should give up on that..
Ahaha Ppl love fb man.
It's fucking awful. Fuck people for enjoying it. No disrespect, of course.
Ahha. Fuck most ppl man. I wanna hang out with the boys 2night....
Yeah Rob was telling me how he hates a lot of the people in his program. We could all have a ~romantic~ skype date.
Fuck skype. Im flying home..
For an evening with da boiz?. That's commitment..
The boy over everything man..
Bros before breathing, amirite?.
Ahahah. So how are things in the 506?.
It's October and I still don't have a job. My brightest prospect recently was an interview from the dollarama. But I just got an email telling me that I didn't get the job. The election was hilarious, I'm happy David Coon got elected..
Ahah. How did the interview go?.
Really, really well.. Fuck this job market..
Yeah. Really tho. I am worried about getting a job when I get back..
Like during the summer?.
Yeah.
Yeah. A lot of kids will be coming back from uni looking for work.. Like every year. Circle of life, man..
ahah, yeah it will be hard. Riddle me this, have u considered dealing?.
Considered, but I don't have enough friends.. Plus, you know, I'm a shit head and would probably get caught..
ahahahahahaha. You make friends by selling..
True, but I wouldn't be looking for friends I'd be looking for buyers. And since I'd only really be allowed to sell to friends, unless I'd want to get serious which I wouldn't, I would need to get more friends first.. Which as I said, if I was dealing I would not be interested in finding new friends..
ahaha. Have u been smokin mad trees recently.
Like today? No, only a few tokes.. Between the weekend before last and last weekend? Yes, definitely..
ahaha, what did u do. Week long sesh....
Not exactly, I don't have the money. But something close to that..
Dat chronic. What do you generally do  most days?.
Look for work/hand out resumes, or nothing.. Basically only those two things..
define nothing.. browsing webs?.
Get high and watch adventure time, something of that nature.. I read, too..
Sounds like you are living the life. (aside from the resume shit).
Well, yeah, kind of.. Living the life feels like shit though.. Which goes to show that in fact, life is shit no matter what you're doing, and we just have to carry on in that fashion.
Thats the spirit!.
I'm not having children. Ever. Fuck that..
ahaha, why do you say that?.
Well, aside from economic and ecological reasons, life is pretty fucked up and it's therefore more fucked up to create life for what can only ultimately be either self-indulgence or a mindless instinct devoid of anything that is true about the self that is me.. Ya know?.
Man, you ever think that you are over thinking the whole life thing?.
All the time, that's what philosophy is.. Give me the deets on this girl.
Search valerie woof. *wood. She is asian.
She's Catholic?.
Ahah did u find her?.
Ye. .
She was in rome for awhile and thought it was funny.  Shes agnostic.
. Do you believe in love at first site.... or should I just walk by again, Daniel?.
Ahahahahhahahahahhahahahahshahahhahahahahhahhahaa. What woulf u give her out of 10?.
I don't like the /10 system, she's hot but I'm not a big fan of her face.
Wait why dont u like the /10 system?.
Twofold, it's not descriptive and trying to quantify attractiveness in that manner is just kind of icky. Ya know?.
ahaha, its a strong baseline. Would u rank her above rachel?. or joli.
Nah, I think Rachel is more attractive.. Joli I'm not so sure about. But I think Joli is pretty damn funny. so I consider her more attractive.. I don't know. It's difficult to compare women I know to a woman I don't..
very true. I want to drop the situation but dont know how.
How serious are you two? Just fucking? Do you have classes together?.
Not a class. Pure sec. Sex.
Pfft, don't worry about it then. Be an adult about it, tell her what you want/ how you feel and hope she responds by also being an adult. But at the end of the day, only YOU can stop fucking her. So regardless of how she responds just stop fucking her.. Although I remind you my relationship advice is not to be trusted.
I think you are right.. .
Rob appears to be what the french would call a "limp bizkut".
No kitten. hes a real dead beat dad.
He'd beat a dead dad off, that's for darn certain!. He's a good guy though. Sure he's studying.
A likely story. hes prob committing murder..
Dan. How's she doin'.
Just purrin boy wbu?.
I realized today that I can now buy wine through the self-checkout at the superstore. So pree good.
HAHAHHA. NOICE. thats smooth. (Smooth Criminal).
Ye m8. What are you up to?.
Hangin on skype with RIchard Du.
As him what's good for me. Ask. rather.
He hes he wants to kill u.. says. rather.
Oh damn. I best be watching out.
LEO long hair they call em.
Fuck yes.
What up boyÉ.
Oh sorry I was watching cartoons. That's what up. What up with you.
High doing the hw. Hows shitÉ.
Shit's aiight. Could be better, but nothing to sweat. You?.
Schools pretty rough. as in hard. looking forward 2 christmas....
Yeah I bet. I've seen McGill take a lot out of people.
Ahaha, its just so much wooork. But itll b done sooon so fuck it. What are u spending ur time on?.
I've been figuring out how to get women to sleep with me. Needless to say it's not going well.
hahaha. whats ur tactic?.
I try something different each time, looking for something that works.
hahs what have u done?\. juusttt sweet talk?.
Well sometimes. Others I'm just straight up about it.
and they respond with?.
Silence, almost 100%.
Shitttt... tried any girls i know?.
Nah I don't think so.
ahh, that takes balls to just bring it up....
Anyway, I'm not ego involved. Everything I do now is for the laughs.
You should write a screan play..
Yeah, that'd be chill.
Uve got the time and ur a good writer..
You see, a lot people say that, but I know very few people who have seen any of my writing. But thanks man, I'll consider it.
Ive seenn ur essays in poli.
Tru.
I guess that may not be indicative of your  writing  screen plays ability.. But anyways  have u been smokin the dro?.
Not for a few days. Broke as fuck.
Ill spark u up when i get 2 freddy.
Swag. For serious though that's pretty solid, I look forward.
Maybe rob dog will partake.
I'd count on it, probably. I'll reserve some for when we get together, maybe bring some liquor depending on the $$$ situation.
Ahaha dope. No pun intended.
Zing. Yo.
Ayee.
What's good? Studying hard?.
Working hard or hardly working! AMIRITE!.
#whitedaddan.
ahaha, what u upto 2nite.
Watching standup, smoked some ganj. Uuuu?.
Comp Sci assignment. Also on the pot! Whose stand up?.
Some guy named Kevin Foxx, real hit and miss.
ahah, never heard it. Ever listen to john mulaney?.
Yeah, I saw him on Jimmy Kimmel. I've been meaning to see his show.
It is fuckin fantastic!.
I'll see if I can get it online once I'm on my laptop.
you should be able to find it!.
Swag, yo.
What have u been doin recently..
Well I've partially scheduled a trip to TO. Been doing my usual thing else.
When u goin?.
For like a week in December. The second one. I'll be bussing so schedule isn't so important.
What u doin over there?.
Seeing my Dad, mostly. Other family shit.
is it ur choice 2 go?.
Yeah, I'm an adult. Lol.
Hahaha, i mean like did ur dad ask u 2 go up?.
Yeah he did, still my choice to go.
How long u goin up?.
About a week, maybe plus a day in Montreal.
Oh shite. u no what day ull b here?.
Not yet, it depends on when I leave TO.
Hit me up if u wanna hang.
I'd love to, but that day would also be all family shit. We'll hang on the break.
oh shit. kk..
Ain't no thing. Just how I'm planning the trip. Anyway enough about me, wbu? What kind of trouble you getting into?.
Double murder.. wanted in 6 states. Just studying tho.
Only 6?.
ahaha. Have u been following the feminist protest thing?.
Minimally, the admin is fucking nuts and I refuse to be on their side even a little. Thomas especially. Fuck..
aahaha. He is making making such a fucking fool of him self..
Totally. God I hate school admin. I've never met an administrator I looked. Liked. Much like police.
Ahahah, yeah, i feel like they intentionally pick the biggest pricks to  become admin..
I thinks a matter of the job attracting those people.
ye.
Insecure megalomaniacs.
ahahaha. HAve u gone up to fhs recently?. sit in on a class?.
Not yet, I popped in for 5 minutes to say hi to Sally. But that was a while ago.
What was she sayin?.
We didn't say much, classes were starting when I was there and I didn't want to waste her class time.
IS it true she is teaching a ninth grade class?.
Yes, as I understand it. Saw it on her door.
hmm. i wonder how she likes that..
I asked her end of last year and she seemed fine with it. I mean, she'd rather be teaching 11s/12s but likes the opportunity to get kids into history shit unlike other gr 9 teachers.
yeah true..
But now that she's  teaching a class idk how she feels.
shite u know who is runnin model un.
Hamish, right?.
reallly? hahhaahha.
I think. Who else? I wouldn't really trust the others. Vinson, and the guy I never remember. They're cool.
brandon?.
Yeah. But everyone else is cringe-y.
ahahah, man vincent is cringe-y 2 me.
Or  unqualified.
yeah.
Vinson is good at model UN though, just socially weird. Yooooooooo.
Yoyo. Srry. I was studying!.
I gotcha, what's up? Still in the thick of it?.
Yeah. Sadly  2 more to go..
Best of luck dawg. Yo are you back in Freddy beach now. ?.
Yeah got in this afternoon!.
#swag. Did your last exams go well?.
Not really. I was just like fuck it its over..
Nice, well at least it's behind you. You're certainly welcome to drop by sans Rob. Ayyy.
Ayyyyy.
What up, when you want to come over?.
Im busy till christmas. How about the 26th?.
Sounds dope. You're welcome to come on Christmas even once you're done the festivities.
We go late into the night on the eve. What time should  i swing by on the 26th?.
Evening, I'm assuming you plan to stay the night.
Ye ye ye. I brought  back a lil ganja if i wanna blazze?.
I'm down, I have a bottle of whiskey.
ShooottZZZZ. BRO LYFFE.
You're also allowed to smoke in the kitchen. No standing outside and freezing your ass off.
Ouu cool!.
Ye m8.
It must feel wierd smoking indoors..
It's pretty normal once you do it.
. Whoops. But yeah.. Also its sick  cuz u live close to sobeyss! Mad snax!.
Aw yiss. Also the superstore, and the ultramar.
A true party for 2!. Also whats the deal with rob. Amirite?!.
Look, if he doesn't want to hang then frankly I'm not that interested. If he's really swimming in that much pussy that he can't make time for us, then there's no good I can do for him and I wish him the best.
Its just  weird. Haha.
Totally.
He didnt really give a reason did he?.
Nah.
Ahahha. So ur just assuming  is knee deep in pussy..
Ye. He did say something something about bitches wanting to see him. So that's my first clue. But yeah, either that's true or he just doesn't want to hang.
Ahahah. So strange.
Or there's something else that's up that's secret, I dunno. But honestly, he can't even spare an evening? Come on. Rob's a handsome dude, but it's probably just Raiyan and the "sally" crew that want to see him. "sally crew," rather.
I suspect that raiyan has  something to do with this. Seeing as he hates me and u..
I dunno, I really don't get her and Rob as a couple.
Nor do i!.
Let alone as a couple serious enough to limit each others friend groups. Especially after all this time.
Ahaha. I can see rob being  whipped by riayan tho.
It's weird. Yeah, totally. But at the same time I don't understand why he'd be into that kind of restraint. Like, honestly, the guy has options. So I doubt it's Raiyan's decision alone. Everything on for tomorrow?.
You know it!.
Swiggity. Holla at me before you come over.
Yo.
Ayyy.
Do u know jakob w?.
Ye.
Is it cool if he blazes with us tonight?.
Totally, it's been a while since I've seen him.
I thibk ill b over around  630 or 7. If thats good.
Yeah that's cool.
Hey man im gonna be late. I cant get a drive  till 745 or 8. Dont fret!.
Right on. Is Jakob with you?.
No, he and daniel he may swinggg by..
Ah sick.
Whats ur adress btw?.
312 Victoria. Hey what's good in the hood. Straight up, I just lied about that whole thing with Katrina. I don't know why I said it, and I feel shit for it.. I'm trying to be self-righteous and somehow redeem myself in honesty. But that's obviously bullshit. Anyway, sorry for having done that, and for now for having you read this self-shame-rant.
Lol sall good.
Sweet, I lied in confidence, I presume?.
What do u mean?.
You didn't tell anyone what I told you?.
Oh ahaha nope!.
Yep!.
Sweet. Can you meet at the roddick gates for 12?.
Sure (I'm assuming you mean tomorrow).
ahah yeah!.
Hi Daniel!.
Hey! How was your trip home?.
Very tired, in the Francfort airport se have to run because we where late and y loose my running shoes.
That sucks! Did they fall off your feet when you were running or something?.
. No, I was running without shots and they fall of my bag. It sounds wired.
ahah, So are you happy to be home?.
Nope. I want to be in the camp again.
Me too... It almost feels kinda weird to be home, and not with people all the time..
Hey dude, you home for the summer?.
yea man. Are you and Cole working up in the woods this summer? ahah.
Nice the boys gotta get together sometime soon. And I friggin hope not haha, hopefully I can get something else.
Yea defiantly! Do u know where Catz randall is working?.
Hi Danny.
Hey Mesha, how was the trip home?.
Pretty nice ;).
Glad to be back?.
Hey.
 August!!! Hey man what's up??.
I know you got a gurl now bro.
Ahhaha I know I do too ahahhaha. Hoed life in Norway dude?.
Naa it's okay the bad thing is that i'm sick. .
Ahahha what's wrong with u???.
I got the flu.
Haha that sucks... Do u get to stay home from school???.
Yes.
That's not so bad then. What do u do all day? Gaming or TV or what?.
Slender.
Ahhahah. Nice..
see ya.
Ahha byw.
hi dawg.
Hey man! Whats up?.
Hey.
 Have u guys queued yet?. Im doing to play a game.
haha nope. add albert207.
Kk ill be on in one second..
awesomesauce.
My client is updating. Should be 2 much longer.
no worries mate. will is editing a piece. ROFL.
Ahahha kk.
Hey Daniel! Happy birthday! 🙂Just wanted to let you know that my directors have updated all the blurbs and lab tour information in the website doc, but we are still waiting for Ubisoft.For lab tours, the only finalized ones are for the physics and neuro departments so please only include those in the website for now..
Thanks! Okay sounds good!.
Awesome, thanks! Please let me know when the website is updated. (:.
Here u go:  http://academiaweek.sus.mcgill.ca/. let me know if there are any mistakes in the content.
Thank you! I don't have my laptop on me at the moment, but from what I can see on mobile it looks great!. Will do!. Hey Daniel! Could you please add a "Keynote" button to the home page similar to the "Day Schedule" and "Night Schedule" ones?.
Sure thing!.
Thank you!. I'll have the Ubisoft blurb and the Neuro lab tour schedule for you ASAP!. Hey Daniel! The Neuro lab tour section is up to date. Could you please post it soon? (:.
okay sure thing.
Sweet thanks!. Hey Daniel! The Prep101 event on Monday night are finalized, and the lab tours are finalized for pharm, bio, and bio&cell anat! Do you mind adding those to the website?. Hey Daniel, did you get a chance to update the Monday night event and lab tours section?.
i did the monday night thing. I post the lab stuff sometime later today.. i'll*.
Great! Thank you! (:. The Ubisoft blurb is complete as well! (:. By the way, I just wanted to let you know my entire committee, directors, and myself are super impressed with and appreciative of how hard you worked on the AW website. It's really excellent..
Great! Glad people are happy! :).
Hey Daniel, do you mind updating the lab tours page again? We had the wrong lab name written down for the bio & cell anat lab, but my director changed it on the doc now!.
okay sure.
Hey man do you have World Issues With McAlister?.
Lol no srry.
Hey! my gmail is lvlpatricklvl@gmail.com when you have the google doc ready.
there I added you.. and ur doing international right?.
oh crap I forgot do you have any of the measurements?.
Take the numbers from the tables.
thanks!. I'll probably throw my points at you later so you can get some ideas for your part. It may or may not be at some obscure morning hour though..
I am not gonna be there tmr :/.
Sarah Andrew's bfff.
Who Sarah?.
what?.
I don't Sarah..
you don't know her..?.
nou..
lol oh... do you go to FHS?.
Yes..
oh okay:).
Wut?.
what?.
Why oh okay..
well she told me that you went there lol i just started going there this year.
Oh, grade are u?.
grade 11:).
Who teach?.
my homeroom?.
All..
well my homeroom is mme.standing lol... what grade are you in?.
I want all!.
hahaha what grade are you in though?.
One one.. Aka 11.
Danny boy!!!.
Hey Marta!!.
Hey Danny! How are you? I miss you a lot!.
I miss you too!!!! I am good. Just lots of school work :/. What about you? How are you?.
Daniel you know how to do HTML stuff. help me with my homework.
wut u need.
HTML babe. its cray. I dont know anything. what the frack is an external style sheet. DANIEL HELOP ME.
I dont rember this!?!?!. I never did t=dis shit.
TEACH ME PUSSY. Josh says you know how to do this. I need halp. NAOU.
who josh, no dad!.
!!. Hey, Im a nice guy but ur being a bitch.
Tonight! the Halloween Hangover--Sexy in Black- the wear all black party!Everyone only $5 b4 11pm!.
WHAAAAAAAAAA. sign me up for botb.
C'est pas halal tout ça c'est pas halal....
where.
no.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
ttc.
lets see some pictures of you off your computer.
wut.
just look through your computer. see if you can find any pictures of you. ones I've never seen before.
ur not dad, you cant tell me shtie.
shittie. http://i.imgur.com/lrMfA.png.
wonder if circumcised #KONY2012.
loox like it. lutes like it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgQfAylIf_A&feature=player_embedded. I think he's cute.
i kiss him.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4-7ZTe5Pyg&feature=plcp. of course u made him balck.
Karim in black face?.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=XxIyClJaSAI#t=35s. .
me.
ASS. FRESH CUT.
Cut the cain, feel the pain, make it rain.
lard. woah. that is actually what butts are filled with.
adadadadadadada. dont.
stop me now!.
Take it.
fghb.
sajb.
!!!.
tell.
tell me how to do the dougie. tell me tell me.
So much. for a love story baby just play it.
.
#hacker.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=qVE60zwXx1k. http://www.technicalwomen.org/WebMoudle/About/Files/TWOReps-2/.
Vicki is my fave.
so you like white girls. noted.
F. Are u still alive?. Also cameron tarrent deleted me on facebook is this a form of cyberbullying....
Oooooh.
0lease. Please respond..
yana yana     c-rod. I climb the mountain because I am not afraid of it. ooooohhhhhh.
Are I going 2 fhs nxt year.
yeah way.
Kk the same time?. What is the address.
258 George Street.
wait a minute. I have been mulling over that fore a while, and I think you miss spoke....
i can stick a penny to my forehead!.
Take that back.....
okay NOT. can I say fuck you to Seshu.
Gabab.
Can you drive me to Saint John.
I don't have a car or a license. Soo ahhh. Dope show last night tho. <3.
Thanks :)). Sup bruv.
!!.
?.
How the hell are u.
truckin. you?.
Suckin n' fuckin.
going to school?.
Ye in mtl. Ru?.
ye in ged.
R u in fredericton.
nope mt. brydges ontario. baby.
Y there?.
1. age to get ged is 18 (19 in NB)2. Unlimited poon.
Oh niceeee. How do u like it there?.
good vibes good vibes. lots of hippies. do you go to mcgill? what are you taking.
Yea. Im taking economics and computer science.
sexy.
http://ps1.cdnmedia.autotrader.ca/8/ppgphotos/20121004095415068/logo20121004131324779.jpg.
amen. poop my ass. man do you know Micheal Goodale from Mcgill.
Lol. Naw. Who is he?.
just some fucking dude I met.
In 'tario.
yea bruv. do you know a guy buy the name of liam hymen destroyer chase.
Yes. He did an event on campus the other day where he fuck 100 virgins in front of the principal..
lol classic uni times. prinicple...impressed?. btw ope borfede my friend. don't take any wooden nickels.
I havent taken any yet. Nor do i plan to. I have been tempted. Hell i have even joined a couple of pyramid schemes..
https://scontent-b-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/22469_317327742425_262089_n.jpg. .
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahahhaaahhahahahahahah.
He's ready to rock.
ROCK OUT WITH HIS COCK OUT. <3.
Hey Daniel. When do you want the edited version by?. Hey. The last article is incorrect :O. Thats the paragraph to the one befoe. Can it be changed, I'm so sorry....
oh that fine. I'll change it. Do you have the text for the Gerr resignation?.
Yes.
okay cool, can u send it to me.
On March 9, SSMU President Ben Ger resigned from his position, citing personal reasons. At a Legislative Council meeting later that day, it was revealed that Ger had been the subject of allegations of gendered violence. The remaining SSMU executives acknowledged that Ger’s own history of gendered violence had made him improperly equipped to handle the allegations against Aird. As with Arid, Ger’s responsibilities were divided up among the remaining executives, and SSMU VP Student Life Elaine Patterson was made Acting President.. Theres no link in the paragraph.
Okay its fixed. Thanks for the heads up!.
Yay!. Np, it was a fault on my part!. That paragraph has to be deleted actually. It's not from the one before I verified..
So there should only be one paragraph for the Laval Divest thing?.
yes.
Okay, cool its all fixed now.
Thanks again sorry for the negligence.
aha, dont worry about it! :).
Hey buddy!.
Hey! whats up?.
I am not sure where to find the exit reports :/. Can you remind me please.
It should be on the google docs page for the your trib gmail account..
Oh yes! My tribune email... thanks!. Hey Daniel!. Can we skype call or audio call sometime please? Want to know how exactly the stuff works so that I can help you in some way :). I've read the exits reports, but still not clear abt the day to day working. and what you do behind the scenes..
Yea. Sure when works for you?.
It's a 9.5 hour difference haha. So anytime your morning or afternoon suits me. What do you find convenient.
Hahaha. We could do 11 am Sunday?.
Ummm does 11am Saturday work for you?. I. I'm a little occupied on Sunday and Monday.
Naw. I cant on Saturday. Wanna do it nxt weekend? I cant during the week because i have work.
Okay. Alright next weekend it is then. Also Daniel, the frontend I need to change. Where will I find those files. I have never logged in tribunss wordpress. tribune's.
They are on the server..
So how do I get access to them.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HOsd4QkiCfbi8k-zQdVyxtPC6czx2DOBBpBrMKXaW_c/edit#gid=0. can u open that?. do all of your dev on the dev server.
my username is my email?.
naw, use root as ur username.
Oh yah got it. My bad.
dope. u got in?.
Nope..... It's not logging me on. in*.
are u sshing in or just trying to visit the page in chrome?.
in chrome. lol. I'll ssh.
oh, in chrome the username is tribune and the password is gilmeyer. but u can only see the site in there. you will have to edit the code by sshing into the server.
Okay I haven't done that before. But I'll see what that means and do that!. thank you :).
okay cool, np. hey did u want to have that call still. i am free on sunday if u are.
Yes please!. What time will you prefer. There's a 9.5 hour difference just telling haha.
lol, how about Noon Montreal time?.
That's perfect. Thanks.
okay, cool. No problem. Hey you ready for the call?.
Hey man. I'm so sorry can we talk in a couple of hours please. I know Im the one who needs the call so I'm really sorry.
Thats okay!.
A family function emerged this evening and it's like a commitment I can't miss.
I cant do it later today. But we can do it next weekend. Dont worry about it though! We still have a lot of time left this summer!.
Oh alright. I'll be free in 30 tho. Lmk if by any luck youre free! Otherwise next weekend is good.
Naw, I am not home for the rest of the afternoon. We can just do it next weekend..
Alright. Let's keep same time then. Sorry for today.
Dont worry about it.
Hey man we're talking at 11 mtl time right?.
yup!.
Nice!.
https://appear.in/tribune hey here is the video chat room we can use.
Hey Daniel. How can I open that http://www.mcgilltribune.com/wp-login.php. the thing is I've figured out what needs to be done but I just have FTP and to make such design changes I need to have admin rights. Hey. So Noah gave me admin rights. But now I realize that the theme were currently using. Is Foxy trib which doesn't have an FTP. Do you know how I can get that. I need that in order to make changes to the theme templates.
Hmm im not sure..
Oh.
I will take a look at it when i get home from work..
.
I dont really know what you mean. can you not transfer the theme files onto ur computer with FTP?.
I can't. Or at least I think I can't. I'll look into it though.
Kk. Let me know if it doesnt work.
Hey bro. So if I make changes on the dev server. Where can I see those changes. I made a change on the main server- removed the carousel, since that was a change that seemed pretty easy. The site on the dev server looks completely different bro ....
Yea. The css hasnt been ported to the dev server in awhile. If you want u can copy the code for the main server on to the dev server..
Alright will do that.
Kk. Let me know if you have any problems.
Okay!. Thanks. Hey man. The frontend is fetching the data (articles) dynamically. . Hey man I'm making changes on the live site rn, after testing it locally. Cause updating the dev server will take some time. I dont think its mere copy-pasting.
Okay cool..
Hey man when would you want me to come in tomorrow.
Its up to you i guess. But maybe aske noah. Just work on making the site look good on mobile..
. lol. Hence asked you.
Hahah okay. I am working on the feature. So its fine!.
Can we keep it after 7:15 tomorrow.
U dont need 2 come in if u dont want!. But ye. I usually go in later at night.
I think I'll come tomorrow bro, I want to help out tbh. What time would you go. Later at night sounds good unless it's really late....
Kk. Ye i go in at 730 usually.
I go to fhs.
Grade?.
9.
Cool..
u?.
12.
fhs?.
Yes.
nice.
Ya. Why Add Me?.
cus i see you around and wanted to?.
Am I cute?.
kinda.
Thx. U kinda 2..
thanks.
No. Bye. *Np.
Hey.
 uno momento. what u want boi.
nothin ANYMORE.
kk. why the new profile?.
I was talking to ilan,he is in canada.
AHHH shit , what  does he think?.
cold. he only got there 5 hours ago.
Man that soo cool! so why the new profile?.
my old account was not sleek enough.
lolz u so g,.
no its cause i had alot of stupid things on there and i might aply for job.
Ah i see i see...
been playing much minecraft?.
jmac need to talk to u/. hello Liam, its David dans brother, i am doing a L.A. project, we make a magazine and we need to interview some one for the topic and my topic is longboarding, dan says you longboard. so if you do and you will be willing to do the interview then e-mail me back @ davidlutes45@gmail.com and i will e mail you then questions thanks..
Yeaah sure.
ok, i sent you the questions at liam.matson@hotmail.com.
dude call 292 5676 so come over tonight ilan is here or do something!.
Hey man I cant go to breakfeast..
wow disappointed.
lolz.
why?. dick.
dads being a dick.
k.... :(. ilan wants to see you to sign the flag before you go bro.
I cant man, I have to pack, But I can hangout on monday..
ok great!. im holding you to that.
LOL, ill be there.
hey hang out today with me and ilan292 5676.
where do u want to hangout, i just got home..
come to my house now.
does 6 work?.
yes,we are going to eat. me you ilan alicia monie joli.
where?.
sushi. parks noodle.
Fuck yeah!.
hahaha you missed an awesome party.
mind craft.....
Go on :).
pasword.
Get it from josh mac,im not on i just left,server is off though.
FUKE YOU.
shouldnt you be studying?.
I know....
what do you have?.
LA, you.
same.
but u have milner....
haha but i heard its hard.
Yeah, actually, apparently there is some tough vocab...
yeah like 40 vocab questons and i know like 5....
haha, are they words you already have?.
yeah. hah.
u studying.
naw. t. s.
2 kool?].
basically.
Weelllll I AMMA GO STUDY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjy_7haflaMbYE.
thanks for that. wow you know fracois richard. from cisv?. saw u in a pic with him he is going on the peace bus.
yeah wut bout hem.
he kool?.
haha yeah, Mos def.
i fuckin love mof def.
mof def.... get it together..
you right. im worthless.
This may help http://www.drphil.com/.
thx. alicia still hasnt told me.
i h8 her.
sameee.
where we eat?.
Call me 292 5676. Isacs way go there or call me 292 5676. http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1nbna6/oh_hai_mark_greg_sestero_mark_from_the_room_here/. u got a minecraft account?.
Lol, no, I sold it to David, and he locked me out of the account..
haha its kk. thats hilarious. dan. dennnnyyyyyy. !!!!!.
Yo. !!.
Do you want to grab some breakfast tomorrow morning?.
I stay at josh macs 2nite and I have to take my brother to the airport for his summer camp. :'(.
hmmm yiss i see. thats cool. where is he going?.
He's going 2 Leeds in the UK. I heard u got caught 2 day!.
I did get caught!!!!.
Fuck man how was that?.
im super baked right noe :D.
Ahahah so it didn't slow u down!?.
they didnt punish me but they arent hsppy.
Didn't ur rents already know you smoked?.
Only my dad knew. Im gonna play some Aura Kingdom now :). see ya!.
Cya.
Catan tonight?. im  buying an expansion roday. today.
Yeye!. What time?.
im off work at 8;30. do u have maddie dysarts number?.
Ahah. Nope. Ill come over at like 845..
sounds good.
is C  Arisz comin?. Took awhile but dave pulled through.
How's it going?. haha.
Good, just studying. Whats upp?.
Cool cool, How's the Montreal life?. and school?.
Its a goood time! But school is really hard! How are things in Freddy?.
Freddy is pretty much the same, josh mac and i went biking like 10 minutes ago and he started throwing up hahaha. such bad shape ahah. school is sweet though!.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHA. Jmac. Thats fucked..
thats what i said. we made it to odell from my house and then like 100 meters up a hill, then it was just awful after that.
ahahah, Were u guys high?.
Yes we were!lol.
. FYI.
HAHAHAHAH. its that time in life.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=861119993932869&set=a.135802733131269.16908.100001046287166&type=1&theater.
Thats disgusting :(. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10203109146425300&set=a.1443226876425.2063241.1105706189&type=1&theater. When did this happen?.
Ahahahhahahahahahahahahah. Holy shir. Shit&. I follow  her on instagram. And every time i see her photo i debate weather or not she got breast implants..
Thats exactly what i think. i think she did. When ya home?.
Im back on the 19THH.
noice!.
When u buss guys finish?.
saw so many bros today. the 13th. saw richard.
Lcuky!. ahahaha yeah He went back for a week for sum reason.
lol i know.
Are u guys done classes yet?.
wednesday. is the last day.
ya same. U cant wait 2 be doone.
2 exams lol.
Shit. thats sick!. why?.
Im guessing you have 5.
yeah.
most of my classes just dont, idk.
Thats lucky. What classes do u have exams in?.
econ and adm. adm is like general business stufff. I have to write a 10 page paper as well that counts as a final.
Shite.
for sociology.
whats the topic?.
Its based off of the show The Wire?. I havent watched it and i dont know the specifics of the topic lol.
Oh fuck!. THE wire is sooo good.
really?. I might just watch a season anyway then.
Yeah, its sick.
our prof just showed us specific scenes that reflected our topics so i dont know the story very well. is it a continues show or is every season diff?.
Kinda both. Each season focuses on a different part of the drug world.
DANK. I just got back from playing with puppies at school hahahah. Im so excited to see everyone.
ahaah, dudes should really do a secret Santa.
ye,im sure we will. gtg do homework :(.
PeACe.
2 days left,fighting for my life. wait. play me in 8ball pool?.
ahaha sure.
you just chillin?.
Naw im in the library.
cool hahah. u on?. 8ball.
eyah. but how do i play u?. nvm.
sweet. zopzik. holy f. i just want to win. for once in my life. its been good.
aha yea peace.
you home yet?.
Naw im back  on friddday..
er ferk, kk. Havin a lil party at my cottage but ur not here. heart broken.
Ahaha. Shite. When?.
tomorrow. all day and night.
Ahaha. Shit. Maybe ill skip my last exammm.
worth. my econ exam was actually hard.
When did u write it?.
2 days ago.
Yea. My econ was hard too. Fuckin econ. Was it micro?.
yup. we didnt do any graph shit the entire year, not on any quiz test or mid term and then the exam was all graphs. . .
Fuck... one thing i have noticed about profs is that they will just test you on shit that you straight  up didnt learn in the course..
:(. Welcome home!.
Thx man! What time are ppl going up to ur cottage tmr?.
I guess tues.
Dooope.
Heard there was a party at Ali Craik's tomorrow but im not sure if its an open houes or invite.
Ahah. Are u gonna go?.
If its a big party. Hey, who did you use as a broker? when you invested n shiz.
Yeah. When u trade  in  large volumes ur trades get cheaper. So i am trading under my dad, so my transactions are really cheap. But usually  a broker is like 60 a trade..
By cheap under your dad do you mean your dad is paying? So its cheap for you?. Who does your brokerage? Ill most likely do discount broking under my bank.
Its cheap cuz my dad trades in high volumes so he gets cheaper trades. So i trade  as him to get the cheap rates he does. I use TD.
Yup i was going td 2, so its not the volume of one trade but of total trades, ya?. In terms of price.
Yeah. If u trade 2 shares or 30000 shares its the same price..
Did you learn from pops or anywhere specific?. trying to learn as much as possible.
A book called one up on wall street. And just Wikipedia  shit..
Thanks dan.
Np.
NP. Happy birthday!!. Have a nice brew for me. Missin u at homez.
Thx dawg! 󾆷.
Uo. Yo. . hard af.
Fuck man, heard he is in the hells angels now..
Hey sup dan.
yoo.
doin tn.
I have shit 2 du. But free Saturday.
well hopefully ill see u saturday haha.
yeee.
You coming oout tn?.
Naw. Tooo tired! I may chill at the pre tho.
How can you be too tired??.
I woke up 'early'.
Hahaha ok ok, we've ought to do something soon. Come play some bball shortly after 7.
Yeee. W/ jack?.
Ya, he already invite ppl?.
Ye. Some ppl. Ill warn u tho. Im fucking sweet at ball..
1 v 1. Settle it on the court. .
cant see the foto.
. Just thought you would appreciate it haha.
Ahahhahahahahaha. I have seen this b4 but it never gets old! Hows freddy?.
Been cooped up in the HIL all day. Pre shitty hahah.
Lol. U have a midterm soon?.
Ive had 4 and I have 4 more!. 3 of them on the same day next week. So shitty. Plus working 30hrs a weeks.
Holy fuck man!. Brutal. Still working at lil c's or is the is liquor store work?.
Nb liquor. Im going insane. Which i didn't have to work, my gpa would be ao much better haha.
Yeah, i cant imagine working while in uni dude. That must be so intense..
Mid life crisis every week.
Ahaha fuck dude. Why dont uquit dude. Need da $$$m.
I have my own apt and i pay all my bills and uni.
Oh fuck dude. I didnt know u paid for ur apartment thats fucked man!!!.
Yeah i pay 100%. Everything.
Man. Why dont Jane and Bruce helpp??.
Idk havent asked hahah. I dont want to give them another expense cause i wanted to move out.
Makes sense man. How is the apartment going anyway..
The apt is super good. I keep it super clean hahah, resembles a museum lol. Plus its around the corner from work and school. Neighbours are cool.
Thats sick man. I see photos of it and it seems so cleans! My place is a shit show.
Hahaha how so.
So god damn messy!!!.
Haahha pics. Havent seen ur apt.
. Messy.
lolol. . . Hahaha.
Lol. One day ill have hair like that again..
From the first of second photo lol.
Second. Lol. Hows school going?.
Studying for a midterm tmr when a classmate sends the pictures of the entire midterm filled in. He actually jacked it from the profs office hahaha.
Holy fuck. Thats sick. Ahahhah.
Im pretty fed up with this term though, just want it to be over. Shitty profs = no motivation.
Same here dude. I cant wait  till Christmas. When do u finish?.
19th last exam.
Nice. Yea im looking forward to getting back to freddy. Are u guys gonna have christmas tree in ur apartment?.
Hell ya. Dudes secret santa?. + christmas party.
Fuck ye!!.
. . Wish i had a photo with the grampa cut.
hhahah, yea dude ur grampa cut was dope. U should get it again! Tanya would love it!.
I didn't understand why everyone hated it. Must have been cultural boundaries.
ahahah.
. Aww yeee. I had a beer tasting the other night, I still have a ridiculous amount in my fridge.
Man that looks dope. How are the roomies?.
Real good!! Cams playing league, toms making dinner AND shaving hahaha fuck, josh has his door locked in bed with Riley probably haahha. Im eating meat n beer lewl.
ahaha shaving and making dinner, sounds like something tom would do. lol. Is riley over alot?.
Yeah Josh pretty much dedicates his life to a girl then they usually break up in a month or two lol.
hahaah yea, josh has not had good luck with women..
Whats ur snap dood?.
U found it🎅.
Ehhh. Hats up. Whats*.
At the moviess.
Have good trip back 👍.
Thanks man!.
Hang out TN.
Ye im down 2 chill for a bit..
. Eh eh eh. Were at Deloite.
wut?. where is that.
Across from the po po.
okay be out in a sec.
Kk. One or two brews at my house?. 🐸.
yo. just seeing this..
We just went our separate paths. Biking over.
For da game dope!.
Yeeee.
Hey man. Is everyone going 2 ur place 2 chill 2nite b4 we go out?.
Yeah we r here. . Such an artist now.
Lol. Ye. Kinda looks like he is in the mob 2.
. Yo dan, when are you going back to Mtl?.
. Whoops.
.
Lol. Idk the day yet. Probably Sunday tho.
how you going back?.
Busssss.
maybe we'll head up too, we could drive you up.
Yea man def! I have 2 midterms that week so, Idk how much I will be able 2 chill, but u guys can definitely stay at my place! Josh, Rachel, and Jack will def be down 2 chill as well.
Yeah ok, Ill see whats up.
. . . . . .
Dan I dont care about your german test.
Ich liebe Deutsch!!!.
Have trouble translating that Dan?.
Lololol.
Dude whats up?.
Lol hung.
take a trip to the hospital haha. ?.
Hahaha apparently. How was the dip?.
jesus hahah. one second ' i need to go to the hospital". the next " i just want to freestyle rn, drop me a beat". you shredded that freestyle tho.
Lol wtf did i fucking rap. Hahaha man so weird.
you did a verse on me, then Rich, then Ali hahaha. Ali was impressed.
Oh shit hope i didnt say anything offensive lol.
no but close haha. "ali balcom thinks shes the best, better than the rest".
Ahahahahahahahahahah. Anything for a fucking rhyme!.
dip was good tho ye. Were cool to park at ur place?.
yea. around back. If u leave it out front u get a ticket..
Kk.
Yooo.
Thanks dan, we heading out.
Np man hope u had a good trip+.
Back EH.
Back in a big way!.
How long?.
till the 9th.
U gonna go to frosh week????. Yesss.
ahahahaah. I am a black shirt! What up tonight. I think me jmac and will are getting drinks..
Shieett cant tn. I work 12hrs today and tmr.
oh shit..
I promised a friend Id help him move out of his apt tn.
are u doing frosh stuff.
Lol naw. Maybe crash a party. Well maybe idk.
ahahaha.
Im working full time till the 10th.
when do classes start?.
7th. Thursday. Whats up Dan.
Heyy sup.
Me and McCully are having some drinks at my place!.
Oh nice! When?.
We just got back. So now until anytime.
Kk, ill come over!. Is the liquor store closed?.
Were on the front deck drinking. We got booze, its closed.
Funk!. *fuck.
We have beer n stuff. And we MIXIN.
Kk ill b over at 830-9ish. Yo drinks 2nite?.
I work 9-9 tmr, yes but just a few haha.
Niceee!.
Watching a movie. Just watching a bunch of fighting films :p.
kk. COME ON SKYPE QUIXK I NEED UR HELP!. still up.... did u take that gal out today?.
Im gonna pause my movie to tell you this story.
on skype?.
yeap.
kk.
GTA just finished.
hqhahaha, install that shit so i can play next time im over..
naw I just deleted it, for the shits.
lol good one....
what do you mean...?.
good joke..
What joke?.
funny man.
You calling me funny? Do I amuse you? Am I a clown?.
haha u saw that movie.
what movie?.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWINtUCshxY.
What does blue text mean?.
watch it.
watch what? My attitude?.
u wannna fucking fight..
Who is this?!.
oh, wrong person sorry :/.
Oh its okay :) So.... you single? <3.
nosh.
Sucks that your boyfriends outta town this weekend... maybe tonight I could be your boyfriend...?.
haha.
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/spider_119181_2374049.jpg. http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/814/1300947692957.jpg/.
nothing. ahaha.
Rigggght?.
ahahah amen. skype?. helu?. fucker. duded u there. kype.
Naww, im watching TED videos on netflix.
or u could go online to watch them....
Yea, no... I'll be on later.
kk.  hate you.. i have work till  230.
Perfect cuz I have sleep till 2 30.
lul wut.
Call me when you're off work.
k. skypr. skype. skype.
Nu nu nu.
viÉ.
In bed watching Netflix.
did u get name of nfld men,..
I dont know who this is, but keep it up. :D.
CHRIS AND DAN'S COUSIN!\.
hahahah, keep on trolling bud!.
dud, skype now... urgent. http://www.vice.com/en_ca/the-vice-guide-to-travel/the-radioactive-beasts-of-chernobyl?Article_page=3. skype.
watching a movie, gimmie an hour.
fine.. skype.
im on.
are u going to the movie tongiht?.
yeap.
when are u going?.
Ill be at the mall like 9ish probably.
go on skype. new. skype.
Cant.
are u going to school tmr.
yeap.
how many hours so far.
13.
soooooooo coool.
\m/.
oh, have u had error 37.
I did when I got back from school for like 20 mins, but I havent had a problem since. Ive almost beaten the game.
shit, impressed..
Im playing now, Ill see you tomorrow, oh and read that post I made on the dudes.
I did....
So bad.
goood for a laugh....
No no, I mean so bad that that FREAK had the gaul to go to a school for normal people. He should have his skin peeled..
way ahead of ya. skype?. ?.
Yeap sec.
skype # important.
just got a bit, watching Game of thrones.
how long?.
Til its over?. I just started episode 2 of season 2.
just pause it, it will only take 5 minutes.
kk.
skype. skype.
k.
goats http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=306244132795165&set=a.262581083828137.64407.100002287420291&type=1&theater. how did u like the dictator?.
Couldnt go, I got grounded because of that stupid email.
Oh really, shitty..
Yeaa, they almost actually grounded me until after exams. That would have been ironic.
HAhah, what do u mean they?.
After lying to rachel and saying I was grounded until after exams, and then that actually happens the next day.
i know, but was it ur parents or ur mum who grounded you?.
My dad.
was he pissed?.
Dissapointed. Even though I went up in the class...
Hahah, so how long u grounded for?.
Only like this week Im pretty sure.
not bad.... are u going to mention that to miss power\.
Oh yea haha. Im gonna tell her I was grounded 3 weeks though. out of the 4 I have left.
haha, it would be funny if she told ur parents to unground you....
Id love that haha.
what do u think she will say.
Probably something dicky like "Oh well hopefully youll do your homework from now on".
hahahah, you should threaten to kill her kids.
And then actually kidnap them and mail her back  pieces of their bodies everyday.
haha, untill ur ungorunded of corse.
No. Its too late for that. The hands of the guilty shall be washed in blood..
Kiss her on the mouth..
Ill kiss her in the mouth.
With anthrax on ur lips.
Ill take the lips of her children and grapht them onto my face, and give her one last kiss goodbye from her children.
Thats some twiested shit.
Thats real life..
Play with fire, ur gonna get burned. SKYPE.. So I was talking to rockie the other day,,,.
Rockie?. Oh Rocky?.
yeah, Apperently he wants to be a pro athelete.
Good good.... He just needs to fling a couple more kids around in gym class and then he'll make it.
Thats all you got to do.. And Stop being such a dick....
....
Lol jk he's perfect <3.
Anyways Im putting a documentary on and going to bed, Ill cya tomorrow. Oh and I wont be there for lunch, Doyle's having his thing.. if it actually happens anyway.
Neither will I, I have a SRC Interview..
Well this is awkward....
Whos going to go on our date....
http://www.reddit.com/r/newfoundland/comments/uepuk/3_weeks_until_i_move_to_clarenville_newfoundland/. These people..
go on skype.
im on.
nu ur nut. Sup.
yo sup bro, wassup. yo yo. sup.
u goin to skool tmr?.
Yea, except for the assembly and 4th.
Why no 4th.
We just play games, and its a shitty class haha, I may actually end up going anyways.
Wouldnt that be silly.
Thatd be wacky for all parties involved.
AhAH, Hey man DID u hear what they said on the anoucements at the end of the say.... Day.
naw?.
Fucks.....
why?.
I think I already missed a SRC meeting....
OH. That. yea I heard that. congratz.
did u really.
yea, ur on SRC and Seshu is 11 rep.
Naw,,, after that i think he said that there is a meeting,, doo u remeber.... NNooooo,, i know... but i think they anounced a meeting....
Oh no, they announced something about my bus too, but I didnt hear. it broke down so they changed buses, and i didnt know, so I was at school til 4:15 or something.
sO no meeting??.
I stopped paying attention after the names, Mr Carson was giving out bonus points to people that knew the names of songs he would play on the speakers.
Fuke.
sodomy?.
Plz.
Anyways Im watching Louie, and then going to bed, are you ditching the assembly tomorrow?.
I might have to go,,, but if i dont I will..
okay, cya tomorrow.
k. BIIIJJJJJJJJJJAAAAAYYYYYYYY.
the biggest thug i kno.
haha, skype?.
just for a bit.
k.
call.
one sedc. hihi.
howdydo.
so is ur mom driving up to cams camp this weekendÉ.
She needs to talk to his parents first.
ah, one of those.....
Yea, but she could probs drive.
cool, who is going....
not sure hahah.
any girls.
I think its me, you, Cam, liam, Kevin, emma, and someone Im forgetting...
emmaÉ.
Cams bitch.
ahaha, what bout lia,.
lia?.
liam.
I said liam.
oh, j liu. É.
He has a piano exam.
then whhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooo...... j mers.
yea maybe Jmer, I think thats it.
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. So are we gettting    fuuuuckkkkkkked uppppppppppp!.
Hahahahahah spring break '09!.
haha so many tiiiiits. tiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiz.
Just emmas actually.. and those are cams.
hhaha, well we could bring our own....
Youd have to run in through cameron, and also youd have to find one hahaha.
I meant implants.....
Me too.....
O.. luv me.. i need ur help.
with?.
gaame install... go on skype. skype?. u der?.
Now I am.
kewl skype?.
kk sec. Dont be tellin me to go on skype and then not be on.
Im invisable.
I keep calling you.
do it agin.
Not working.
u go online.
I am.
does it say Online?.
Yess.
hry.
Heyo.
skype?.
Playing portal 2 with Chris.
lol wut?. skypR. Jacklyn-ing me?.
Portaaaaaaaaaal.
u get the tablet?.
Nope. I got invited to Kayla Hickmans for a party, and I probably wont be allowed to go.
is she pissed about the caard?.
Yeaaa...
ahahaonnly about the math?.
mostly.
when the party.
Saturday.
did u ask her yetl.
My mom?.
ye.
She said no, but Ill work it.
do u think ur going to get the tablet?.
Almost sure I wont hahah.
haha, what does she think she is teaching you?.
WHat??.
wanna hang with me and j liu tmr?.
Where / what time?.
up town.
You mean the mall?.
around that area.
I'm up for a movie later that night, but im taking out Leah Friday, so I'm trying to save some cash.
Dude, you know you dont have to buy shit, just hangout....
What time?.
1?.
I can only hangout after 3, im home alone till 3 so I don't have a drive until my moms home, unless one of you two could pick me up?.
i may br able to. or if dick du comes.
I'm gonna go shower, tell me if anybody cab give me a drive and I'll go out tmr.
k. dick is picking you up at 1.
My neighbours being murdered. She keeps screaming for help, and screaming no. We called the coppas. dudeeeee. The police took their baby.
she dead yey.
3 cop cars showed up.
wait for reals.
Swear to god.
christ witch neighbor?.
That asian girl to my left.
NO fucking way.
Some kid was crying in the driveway, and a girl inside was screaming for help.
thats Lisa Kim's house isnt it....
I think so, I dont really know her.
shit dick. thats crazy.
Ruined mah day. But yea, the cops are all gone now, but they took a baby. Or atleast a baby basket, but I dont know why they would randomly take a baby basket.
were u out side for it?.
At first when they were screaming, my mom sent me over to see what was wrong.... I was by their driveway and saw the kid crying, and he was like hiding behind his steps, and I was like Nope, and went back home and got my mom to call the cops.
u wanna skype?.
Yea sure, I have to keep it down though, Jason has school, and mom has work tomorrow. Im on.
like 10 minutes. wait now.
kk. call me.
its loading.
Im back.
one sec. how was date/.
I had to cancel, rescheduled for tuesday. She could only stay til 5, and I could only go at 3, so there was no real point. And its not a date hahaha, just us hanging out once more before I go.
what about jamie?.
That's gonna be sometime next week too, the bonfire was moved to Sunday, but she's going camping, so I may only see her at the bonfire.
Dun Dun DAAAAA.
Hahaha so is Karim having that sleepover?.
i think. can u go..
I'm not sure anymore, im staying at Erics house Sunday. But Karim told me that he's busy this weekend.
karim plans sleep over for you, and u font showup lol.
We were supposed to go to the mall today but he canceled on me to go with Jliu tomorrow.
ahah, so waht are u doing tomorrow.
Helping my dad pack haha, he flies in tomorrow. Tomorrow is the day we pack mostly everything.
sick can I kiss him.
On the mouth?.
in the mouth.
Then ofcourse.
The video chat ended..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psoq8qYvx18&feature=player_embedded#!.
http://www.facebook.com/laurenhasbodaciousteeth/posts/315081451917798?notif_t=share_reply.
Daniel.
yeah.
Y'know how I was saying I moved boxes today?.
yeah.
I lied, Jaclyn came over. And it was awesome.
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. go on skype.
Ye son. Mine doesnt work either now.
The video chat ended..
Sweet man anyways i gotta get some sleep im dropping later on.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6U-i4gXkLM. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fbrl6WoIyo&list=PL44ABC9278E2EE706&index=0&feature=plcp. hey. hey.
Heyy.
brb.
kk. gtg.
back. hey.
heey.
skype?.
Mines broke, fb skype.
kk. The video chat ended..
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/confession-bear. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLZbd0EvCs8&feature=player_embedded.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl3SZSlmESU&feature=g-u-u. hey ya old bat..
hey hey.
how did it go?.
wicked.
skype.
just dropped her off. k. The video chat ended.. boob.
single seeking singles brought me to you.. hey.
Tiniest room ever. super slow internet too....
ahaha, so what are ur first impressoins?.
of the house or town?.
both.
house is like brand new, and actually pretty nice, just small, I have no idea how Im gonna fit a computer desk in here. I didnt get to explore the town, we literally just got here an hour ago. Lots of trees. Ill give it that.
are you fully moved in yet?.
pretty much.
haha what does jason think?.
He doesnt like it.
ur mom?.
she likes it. internet is SO fucking slow.
do u think she actually does?. hahaha how long will it take to down load a 700 mb movie?.
I think so. Im not sure, but pics on reddit take 40 seconds to load.
shit, ur fucked, you going to get better one.
I hope so. Ill press my dad for one.
i wonder if u even can?.
I dont know man... Im so tired though.. we stopped at a hotel just to take a nap, then left.
shit. So how was the journey.
Long. someone on the ferry had a heartattack. Oh my god.
what?.
I met the fucking most bonkers guy EVER. He was fucking insane.
ahaha how old?.
mid 40's. skype.
aha ak. u on?.
yup. wait sec.
k.
Whats up dick.
hey wanna skype wit me and chris. ].
I cant, my room is so fucking close to my parents now, I cant talk without waking them.
shit, man did see the post in the dudes.
Yea... holy shit the cocaine.
hahaha sooo hot\.
God.. hope they overdose..... on those cigs.
ahahah tooooo hardcore. skype?. skype?.
sure. We're going to a potluck to celebrate "Clarenville Day"... I didnt believe in heaven on earth until right now.
at ur house?.
Town hall.
Bitches glore.
The farmers daughter. God I hate this town. How was your activity?.
No teeth.. Great Blowjobs....
Did you get active?.
SOOOOOO active.
Fuck yea, keep your heart rate up, fight off those cardiovascular diseases.
You know it babe. So What ya bringing to the pot luck???.
My charming personalty, yum yum yum. I gtg now. later sk8r.
666?. Romy and Marina want ur d...
I could tell by their confused expressions, us fast talking Canadian have a way with the ladies man.
?skype.
yup.
facebook video thing.
you call me.
The video chat ended..
http://i.imgur.com/hGM26.jpg.
skype.
Sure ting.
skype.
K.
skype. hey bay.
yo yo.
i need ur advice on my id...\.
Lay it on me.
which looks realler.
Second one.
why?.
I dont know, it just seems more... solid? I dont know if thats the word, but I like it more. Jason says you should be ashamed of yourself.
what would u change?. I will buy jason sooo many fireworks.....
He can wait until he's legal thank you very much. Like a virgin waiting till mariage to have sex.
Are u calling me a whore....
Well Im not calling you to go out on a date if thats what you're implying..
U want me....
When we're married. Imma play Skyrim. l8r sk8r.
fujw ouff.
Jason says he doesnt think the ID is gonna work because you look 14.
i look 14.....
Straight from the horses mouth.
also that doesnt matter because the photo does not have to be recent.... it just has to match.... JASON!!!.
Oh man.... He's just goatseing now.
tell me if anything comes out....
Its not about whats going to come out, its about whats gonna be put in, if you catch my drift ;).
anal sex... is that what u are refereeing too....
Nah that would never work, he has it too wide. You could it a shotput ball in that thing.
make a gif.....
Ill make a feature length film.....
what will u call it?.
"Jasons anus expands to a size that might be able to fit a shot put in it".
It doesnt have the catch i want.....
"Backdoor Slutz 9".
Thats the ticket....
Skyrim nao. later.
ill kill im not scared.... The video chat ended..
http://imgur.com/5Dx6r. http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3745607190987&set=a.1562977186601.78386.1000490068&type=1&theater. http://blog.alexzelenskiy.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/nigelpeppercock.png. http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000339901487. http://www.facebook.com/cameron.hastie.5. http://www.facebook.com/patrick.vanderzwaag. http://www.facebook.com/colby.kelly.1276.
skypr.
kk.
im calling u awnser.... man, u there?.
Just checked in.
ahah go to nick jonah's latest status update, read all the comments....
I don't have him. What's it say?.
fucl. u back?.
Just arrived in Saint Johns. Forgot how shitty it was.. :/. School next week...
lol, u still up?.
Nope..
go on skype big group call.
I cant talk, my parents are inbed. Whos all in it?.
fine, ur missing out.
Who's in the call?.
rich and chris.
Awww shit. Im going into my school tomorrow to pick my classes. Oh guess how many lunch tables are in my caf?.
how many?.
9. Soo small. The caf is the size of a decent sized classroom.
haha, what are ur class opions?.
Not sure, thats what Im going in tomorrow to see, Im meeting with the Vice Principal to talk about what I want to do.
NICE BABE....
BBG <3.
wut?.
Baby Girl <3. Anyways Im playing DayZ, Ill talk to you tomorrow.
Good luck..
So turns out Im getting that new phone in 3 days.
y?.
My dad surprised me, he was like "we cant have you starting school with a ducttaped phone" and we went to check out plans today. Im deciding between a Samsung Galaxy s3 or an Iphone 4s.
s3.
Thats what Im leaning towards right now.
higher rez dick pick.
apparents an iphone 5 is supposed to come out in a month or so, but I dont wanna wait. Dick pick, like I can see high rez pics of dicks, and then pick the one I want.
yes.
yez. So I went to a movie tonight, me and the famjam. it was me, my family, and one guy, who Im pretty sure worked there in the theater.
hhahahaahha, what movie.
The only one playing in Clarenville.. The Campaign.
lol.
awful movie. except for one scene.
?ready for school.
Im actually pretty excited at this point. Im gonna tear shit up.
thats the fucking spirit!!.
Yea when I went to the mall today I went to a store to buy some pants, and there was a group of girls there giving me the look over, Im just going to assume it was a good look over, and that gave me a good little confidence boost.
then u got raped//.
Its like you were there.
it  was me.
You went to great lengths just to rape me. I mean thats a 2 day trip here and back.
and id do it again...].
ooooh I saw a hat today that I was tempted to buy, but I didnt wanna lay down the cash on it. It said "Live free, or die Newfoundland". hardvcore.
buy it mail it too me. breaking bad in 20 hourss.
Do you watch on tv?.
yesh.
I have to download it, and watch it monday night.
u dont get amc?.
Im not sure... I just like watching it at like 2 in the morning before bed.
yesh. what phoene u get?.
Galaxy s3.
u like?.
Just got it, trying to figure out how it works haha.
u know cris a's number.
I had it on my old phone, I dont have it anymore though. Man was that last episode of breaking bad the last of the season?!.
yesh.
Fuuuck. skype.
one sec. u there. goo online.
sec. So Im guessing your computer broke since you havent been on in 2 days.
Ye..
Hahah sucks.
My dads goona get me a new one though....
OMG SPOILED LOLZ <3 #KASHMUNAYSWAGGER. I just applied at walmart to work electronics. I can hook you up man.
Sick just give me like 5 laptops and were Evan..
No man, Evan is Evan, were Josh and Daniel.
H8.....
Im going to a girls house down the road tonight for a movie ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;).
Fuck her???. What movie - josh l..
Yea man I agree! Fuck her for living down the road from me rigjt? like wtf?.
I meant in da puss.
Dewd omg stop lol ur embarassing me :3. But no. Its the Amy girl, apparently shes into me, so lets see where things gooooo.
WHAT MOVIE.
Only the most romantic movie EVER. Blair Witch Project.
She dies....
Bruce Wayne is the batman. Oh god dude... Just not the night I expected at all.
Go on..... Go on....
Man, so in my mind it was gonna be me and her watching a movie and talking on the couch, but then some of her friend came over, and they brought more, until there was 10 of us, then they were like lets go get an icecap from tims, so 5 of us get into one car, and the other 5 get into another, I get into the car next to her in the back. Then they just fucking take off, going like 120 in 50 zones, and swerving into the other lane, and oncoming traffic, and I was scared shitless, I guess we were racing the other car, and then she jumped a curb to avoid a  red light, and then we went to the highway and drove at insane speeds again, in the dark heading  towards some ski hill way outta the way. then they went to some old abandoned house, which was actually cool, but that lasted like 5 minutes, then they stopped in at a party for another 5 - 10 minutes, then we left, and they took me to butterfly hill, which is just a huge hill that if you go really fast on the car goes off the ground... And the whole time there were screaming and having a good time, and I was like in the back quiet, with nothing to say... I do not think this girl is the one for me. This lasted from like 9 to 11:30.
Christ... Did u know any of the others???.
Yea I knew all of them. But still man, I was like this is how people fie. die*.
Yeah, that's fucking crazy... We're u friends with any of the others?.
Yeap, they were all girls.
Even the driver???.
Shes in my bio class, but I dont really know her all that well. Only one other person in the car was on my side. like, she kept asking the girl to slow down. http://www.facebook.com/hannah.tilley.58.
Man that's fuckedup, who was it?. Is that like a normal thing to do there?.
Apparently....
Christ thats stupid... Was the driver drunk?.
no nobody was drinking.
That's almost worse....
Yea man, I really didnt like that...
How did u manage to leave?.
When they went back home... I was there for the whole ride.
Shit, I just expected u to fuck the girl or something when u said not the night I expected.....
I wish... Man it sucked haha and Im pretty sure the girl was kinda put off by the fact that I wasnt being rowdy or anything.
Ahah good....
but fuck man, if all the cute girls up here are like this Im screwed.
Was rayleen there?.
Naw. Ill show you who was in the car with me.
Kk. Kk.
http://www.facebook.com/amy.short.731. http://www.facebook.com/ally.cleal. http://www.facebook.com/hannah.tilley.58. I cant remember the drivers name. but she wasnt good looking haha.
L0l what are u going to do if it happens again?.
I dont know man.. Im in a tight spot, I mean, I cant afford to burn any friends Ive made so far. Ill probably just be like "Nope" and go home when they go driving actually haha.
Make up an excuse or some shit....
My aunt was telling me about how one time she tried to sneak out to a party with here friends, by climbing out a window. and my grand dad was standing there. And he was like "You just crawl right back where you came from".
And.
And that night her friends crashed and 2 of them died.
Shit.....
ye. I hate driving as it is. so that was like horrifying haha.
You should have called the cop on yourself....
hahahaha could you imagine.
Hahah that would have been funny....
well the whole time my mom thought I was like 10 houses down.
Did u tell it parents?.
noooo. God no. Id never be able to go out again.
Hahsaaha.
I just texted her and said I was gonna be out late, and to leave the door unlocked. I ended up getting home by about 11:30 thoughm cuz the driver had a curfew. Im glad shes responsible.
Hagaha, did u know kids did this there?.
no idea.
That must have been a surprise....
like if they were just rowdy at partys I could handle that, cuz atleast I could get drunk, but sober, in a car going 120 in a neighbour hood... I cant do it haha.
Ahahah ya it doesn't sound to great....
Ye... I need a nice quiet girl to even out the chaos.
Lol.
Dude y u no skype?.
skype. ned ur halp.
I'm out at a friends, I'll be back tonight.
k. Old Shoal Harbour. killing me here. found this on line.
Dude. that kid looks just like me. The one in the blue stripped shirt of course.
lul. skype bbg.
answer you skeet. Skypee.
skypppeep.
Just got off work, driving home now, skype you then.
kk. anyday now.
sorry I lied, Im just gonna watch archer and sleep, so tired haha night.
just like ten mins, need ur opion on somthing. Dude, what>?.
In bed now. Tired. Talk to you tomorrow night..
kkk666kkk.
Don't you ever fucking wake my dog up again.
u up?.
Yup, there was no talk tonight though.
:'( why?.
Dad was in traffic for 5 hours, he just came home and slept.
so tmr?.
Yup.
skype.
Kk. Dont think its going down. I think dad turned down the offer.
Dues. dude.
Apparently they had him working like 6 days a week, 10 hours a day with only sunday off.
shit.
called it haha.
So when u going to post in the dudes.
now.
lol. it was just gas?.
Its what people say when they feel sick, but then they fart and its all good.
fuck you. sikype?.
In a bit.
k. how was the partay.
A little dissapointing, I couldnt get a ride, so I had to drive down meaning no drinks for me, and I had to be back before 12, so I was literally there an hour and a half.
SIICKKKKKKKKKKK~! Skype?.
yup.
morning.
Skype. Skypeeeee. You there?. skype?. Think youre cool or something?.
Srry dad. Skype?.
yup. skype for a sec.
sure.
nvm.
K :'@.
Dude Chevy Chase got kicked off of Community. For saying "dude" infront of his black co-stars. http://tvline.com/2012/11/21/commuinty-season-4-chevy-chase-exits/.
i have known this for a while.
Skype?.
u there?.
Just missed me, ill be on in like 30 mins.
kk.
Helloo.
hi.
Hey cutie pie.
Skype.
Nope.
Fine.
I'm only up for like 2 mins.
but Y???. wut.
I just had a nightmare haha only reason I'm up.
lol, ill talk to u tmr then.
Yupp. Did you ever realize Break Bijay only has 12 friends?. skypee.
call me via fb.
says ur unavailable to video call.
one sec.
not on your computer?. Skypee. Or not, ya douche canoe. skype.
skype?.
Working. Can't skype today, really busy.
k.
Skype?. skype really quick.
Where u at.
skype?.
skype?.
yiss by. Europe in T-minus 5 hours.
Are you going to sleep?.
Trying to, Im just too pumped haha. I have so many movies downloaded for the trip on my ipad.
Not going to bring the tower with you?.
Oh no, I am, but only as a back up in case I lose my ipad.
haha, reasonable. You. are in europe. u Home.
Nope, today's my last day, in Barcelona now.
Skype?I have somthing for you.
Sec. Just got off work.
KK so like 15min?.
No I'm home now, like 5.
Oh kk.
dude. skype now. big. did I tell yoiu about the kid waiting outside subway to beat up jason?. the kid was my age.
No?!.
Jason called me at lucnch one day sand said that he got into a bug arguement with some asshole guy at subway, and the kid was waiting outside to beat him up. so i drove down, and say the kid waiting infront of the storwe. and I went, and beat the shit out of this kid. like. I was so mad I almosy killed him.
WHat the fuck!.
cuz this happened before,and I told him to back off my brother. then the next day he did ths. there were like 3 cop cars. dude I went nuts. you doint understad. ill show you the kid. https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc1/575869_354172104702902_1497774030_n.jpg.
What the fuck man, Three cop cars showed up,what happened to you?. Kids jacked...
they didt do a thing, I told them what happend and they brougbt us to school and talked to our principal. and the principal told darren he desereved it. darren is the kid. man, he was on the fround, I just sat on his chest and beat his head in. this happend last week, hes still not back yet.
Ahaha Thats sick. Do you think there will be a fight again?.
Nope, his friends are scared of me now. there was 4 of them. his friends just watched while i beat him up.
What did ur parents think.
they supported me. cuz I was defending jaso. jason. plus I dint throw the first punch. it was like out of a movie thoug. i drove down there, by myself, I walked up to all his firend yelling "What the fuck are you doing here? waiting for jason?".
Where you wearing ur subway uniform when you did it..
It was at lucnch during school. so no.
Who else saw it?.
his friends, and the woman that called the cops, and every body in subway. it was a spectical. I almost felt bad. he was so defensless.
Thats sick.
his a big kid right. and obody ever messes with him.
Ye, how talll is he.
and when he tried to hit me, I just ducked and tackeld him to the ground and beat the shit out of him. and he just took it. he kept saying "oakay". and I just kept on hitting hahaha. I think I broke his nose.... hes like 6''? not super tall, but tallish. 6'***.
sick. so you dont think he will fuck with you.
I dont know, this is the kid that fought side by side with his dad at the huge grad party. im passing out now. bed. ttd. ttyl.
see ya. you and Harrold vs him and his dad.
hahahahha. harold can crush skulls. Got the house.
where>?.
Hanwell. http://www.groupfourrealty.ca/4-LLOYD-HANWELL-NB/00626589/REBFA. Also, my cousin got into a car accident tonight, and hes in a coma, the doctors dont think hes going to last the night.
which cousin?.
Not one you know, Hes 20 something, I hung out with him alot when i was little.
Where does he live?.
Fredericton.
where was the crash?.
Not sure, my mom called me at work to tell me about it, didn't get much sets. Deets.
how do you fell about it?.
I'm usually pretty numb to things like this, but I still hope he makes it through.
Its your dad's nephew?.
Step nephew. skype?. .
lol.
. I love this thing.
Lo.
14 days. Have you guys been doing stoichiometry in chem?.
ya.
Can you help me out with a question?.
ill try.
skype. . On my way home.
Lol. When can u hang?.
Tomorrow at like 5 or 6. you have prom don't you?.
Yea.
In Nova Scotia now.
Shit dude.
Almost back. When's all the prom stuff done?.
It goes like all night.
Oh okay. What you doing tomorrow?.
Nothing, but we have school in the morning.
Not the afternoon?.
No. We just get our report cards and leave.
Okay sick, if I have my car I can come pick you up.
Sick.
What time do you leave?. Tomorrow.
11 maybe.
Kk. Wanna hangout?.
Look at the invite list for ingmara's thing... confused..
hahahahaha man I was just talking about that with Rachel! Isnt it so weird?. Me ryker, liam, josh and Kyle.
Rachel who?.
Siu.
I just dont know why I am invited.
ur super hot. id fuck you.
Me too. But still..
sup.
How was ingmara's?.
It was kind of like Keri's, but with more stuff to do.
Get any action?.
I did indeed. No sex, everything but.
With who??.
Ingmara. I slept at her house, we had the place to ourselves. We just slept naked hahaha.
Fuck man. That's sweet. Y no sex.
I brought it up, she was too nervous I think, Im pretty sure she's a virgn. But hey, Im not complaining.
Do you see something coming out of this?.
Nope.
Y.
I went in for a kiss the next day, and she wasn't down, Im pretty sure this is just a one night thing.
Man.... that sucks.
Eh, Im not too phased hahaha. fazed*. ?. I dont know how to spell it. This was just a nice way for me to get back into the groove of things hahaha.
Slam some dope puss.
Liam and I went skinny dipping in the river. While she was there, but she was in a bathing suit.
Lol y was she in a bathing suit.
Again, I think she was nervous or something. I was way too high to care. Also Fiona abba and some other girl was there. swimming with us. Not nude.
Why the fuck were you naked then?.
We wanted to go for a walk, and it turned into a swim, we had no swimming trunks, and they were already in theirs. so liam was like "Lets skinny dip" and I was like "Hell ya".
Gay.
Im buying a vaporizer this weekend. I just got a fat $600 cheque.
What kind.
Handheld digital one.
Sick. How much.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=603951422957462&set=a.599593113393293.1073741836.272318422787432&type=1&theater. $260. Apparently it leaves like no smell. So Im willing to drop the cash.
Fuck that is a lot. ...
Yea... I may but one a little less advanced. Im going down sunday and seeing what they have.
Things?.
yessir.
How often have you been smoking this month?.
Not as much. Because Ive been broke. uhh. Ive probably smoked like 8 times this month.
Why are you broke?.
My pay cheque was only like 125 the first week, and I needed to wait 3 weeks to get the one I got today. Thats why its so big.
Oh. So how is work going?.
Ashely Decourse broke my phone. she dropped it in the sink. and didnt tell me about it. So my manager is looking through security tapes to find her actually dropping it.
Qhahhahahahhahahahahahhagahaggagagaggagagahahahhaha what phone was it?.
The tiny s3 thing I had. I kind of fixed it. I saved the touch schreen. screen*. but all the buttons, save the volume buttons, are broken now.
HahahSo what are you going to do if she gets caught?.
I just want to make her feel like absolute shit. My manager says she wants her to get me a new phone. but I feel like she'd definetly quit before she'd do that.
Haha or stab u.
God she's fucking awful.
What about the other coworkers?.
Most of them are awesome. I have no problem with Brianne at all so far. There is one guy though. that I hate more than ashley. He's the biggest, most self-righteous, arrogant asshole Ive ever met. And I have to go see him right now, I habe a 4 hour shift today. When you back?.
On the 1st.  What is the guys name?.
Alex something.
Red head?.
nope. Thats will. he's awesome. Bought me alcohol for Ingmaras thing.
Hahah. Thats cool..
Anyways I gtg. cya man.
Later..
Sleepover at my place?. dude.
What?.
I just seshed with Jason.
Ahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahah.
It was dope.
What did he think.
He loved it. Oh. Im calling in sick to work tomorrow. THe party got cancelled tomorrow, and moved to Keri's. Ill be at your place at around 11, wanna come tonight?.
Hahah that is soo good. Maybes.  Who is going?.
Not sure actually, she said a lot of people, but she always says that. Liams coming.
Is Chris Arisz going. Miss that old dog...
He's not, already asked him. We seshed as soon as he got back hahaha.
Lol. Man how much shit do you still have from the 5.5?.
nothing. ALL gone. I sparked Liam and chris up a couple times though, so like, I only smoked a 3rd of it myself. plus I spilt it twice. Liams sparking me up tomorrow night, but I wanted to get your bro to get some beer, if he could.
Have you talked to him yet?.
Chris? Nope not yet, I was just planning on seeing him tmmrw.
He has a job so he is gone all day.
When he home?.
I think like 5 or 630 it depends if he studies after work..
When do the shops close?\.
Not till 9. There will be time...
Okay cool. Im gonna feel bad calling in sick tomorrow. But I just watched Dazed and Confused, and it made me just want to cancel all my plans tomorrow and get ready for the party hahaha.
Aha get ready for the party.  How? Powder your nose?.
I dont know hahaha I just dont want to know that I have to work right before the  party.
Makes sense. Remember the last Keri party..
I kinda liked that actually hahaha.
Well you were just pussy hounding around the place....
What can I say? I dig da dank puss.
The more they stink the more room for the dink....
They more they drip, the more I sip. Ew.
just like tar. Hows jason?.
In his room, Im just watching some One Piece now and falling asleep.
man weed just makes me so tired....
I get tired when Im with other people, by myself I get shit done hahaha.
Ahah, like you work on shit....
I do a lot of stuff! Watch lots of shows hahaha. Anyways Ill see ya at 11 tmmrw. Ill probably get the car.
Sweet, see ya then.
You up yet?.
Just got up.
how ya feeling?. Going tonight?.
Ye.
Dope. Your bro buyin da beer?.
Ya.
siiick. So you just gonna bring my beer to keris?.
dude, on my way to the clinic. Might have strep throat or somthing. Ill make sure that you get the beer though!.
For real?.
Yea. This has been a clinic themed day....
Apparently so! That sucks dude.. And how will I get my beer?.
Can he drop it at liams?.
Sec.
Mm.
Where's your bro?.
Can where can he drop it?.
I already called him, it's cool.
Kk.
Danny, you just about recovered now?.
hahah yea, getting there..
I have a story I think you might love.
lay it on the line.
Im sure you'll know all the names involved, nobody else did. kk. so I was working yesterday, and the mall was just about to close, when I suddenly heard Ayesha calling my name. Anyways I see her like running at me, and I talk to her, she told me that there was a patty she wanted me to go to that night. And I was like sure Im not doinhg anything, so I went hahaha. It was at Vladis.
ahaha4.
There were literally 4 girls, 3 of which were amanda, keri, and Ayesha. the rest, all grad guys.
ahahahaahahaahah.
Nobody I knew. Anyways I didnt know who Vladi was, so I went looking for him to offer to sesh with him, just being a nice guy since it was his party. And We did, and there were a bunch of guys there. I ended up hanging out with them all night and sleeping there. and they loved me hahaha. Vladi, Alex Dean, and Jordan something was my crew hahaha.
Ahhahaha, so you just turned a bad situation into a good one.....
Pretty much, it was a pretty fun night, I went driving with Alex and Jordan for like 2 and a half hours.
all high, sounds safe.
We didnt just drive, we like, parked places, then I asked him if he knew where I could buy some pot at that time of night, and we went to his dealers. then we ates at good ol Mac Dons.
hahaha Check this vid. its the party Vic Mathews invited u to when I was over at ur place... https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10153117930100725&set=vb.658190724&type=2&theater.
Doucheeee.
ahahahah We were missing out man,...
I think I'd much rather be where we were hahaha.
I just bought one of these, my brother has one. They are sick... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bztnnZNYaW8.
I wish I had one hahaha I suck a t rolling. Im gonna play some games now dude, Ill ttyl.
see ya.
No TBH? </3.
Ill fucking kill you.  How was last night.
Pretty rad hahaha shit got crazy real quick. her place was like, literally trashed. someone punched a hole in the wall. and dug up her garden. and there was a rumor someone shit in her bed. and it literally smelled like shit in there. what else.... oh. that blonde girl is like, really slutty and also crazy, so I didnt go for it. I stayed til 5 or so. then left with Jmer. Oh tons of vases got broken. well like 3. Oliva Nevers kept trying to fuck me, but I kept shutting her down haha.
Ahhahahahhahhaahhahhahaha. Soundz like a good....
It was actually a lot of fun, even though it sounds fucked hahaha also I talked with Shea for quite a while after the party started to die down, which was pretty sweet.
Target required.
Acquire* you fucking illiterate piece of shit. Hahaha but yea, I may make a run at her, idk right now. Anyways I need to shower and get ready for SKEWL. cya tomorrow dude.
Ahhahahhahggagah.. Good luvk.
Still up?.
Ya ya u 2.
Can't sleep hahaha.
Just tooo pumped....
I am prettyyyyy pumped, but I just usually can't fall asleep anyways hahaha.
Yea same. U driving in?.
yupp.
Oh fuck. How was jasons first day... who are his teachers?.
The only 3 I remember are Cook, Belyea, and Goodwin.
Not a bad lineup... do you think we will be in any classes 2gether?.
Economics maybe?.
Yea. I dont think we have ever been in the same class..
Yea we were dude. Lingleys ;).
Shit how could I forget such a juicy beaver....
hahahaha. Anyways I was just looking at boards online, Im gonna try and hit the hay again. Cya tomorrow dude.
See ya. And may gods grace be upon you in these trying times....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5P26WWAl6A. Nvm, Im probably watching Buried then going to bed.
Whays buried?.
an hour and a half film, staring Ryan Renolds, the entire thing is just him in a box buried somewhere. its supposed to be really good hahaha I know it sounds dumb. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1462758/.
Ahhah. Just blaze and you will fall asleep.
Nope. Im done. I wasnt joking hahaha I put all my stuff away, my backpack is emptied. Im done for at least a month, to get a feel of how tough my semester will be.
Ballsy....
if I think I can blaze AND do well, then I will, but if I cant, then Im done for the year, til next summer.
What about weekends.
and like, some scattered parties. nope.
Wow. Do you think you will be able to stick to that....
Its going to be really fucking hard hahaha, but I can probably do it. I may just let myself smoke every second weekend or something if its THAT hard to stop.
I dont blaze nearly as much as you but for me stopping is no problem.  I mean if it isnt addictive it shouldnt be toooo bad...
Oh its not like that. Its not like "Man I just neeeeeed to smoke right now" its more like "Man, I know I could totally smoke right now, and it just wouldnt matter".
Yea. Thats the thing. I mean if u smoke on a friday night then it wont effect your monday....
I think I'll make a rule where I can only smoke once everything else is out of the way, and only during weekends, that seems pretty appropriate.
Yea. Makes sense.. I guess this 'diet' will be a good money saver 2..
Hahahaha yea I was talking about that with Joli today actually, I'm going to have waaaay more cash. I'll be too busy with school to go shopping really, and since Im cutting back on the ganja that saves me like sooooo much money. I think I probably spend like $200 a month on pot. and thats probably low balling it.
Hahah fuck man... start buying in bulk... btw just loved dem joints last night. But where did u get the weed for the pipe?.
Sydney. he had like 4g's.
Ahha. Oh. Fuck thanks syd. I just remember you handing me the pipe and walking away....
oooooooh! I forgot about that! Yea that was my stuff, it was all my vaped weed with all the kief I could scrape out of the buster. Was that when Rebecca Halferty was there?.
No. Amanda buala.
Rebecca was there too dude! And Amanda.
I dont remember that at alll.....
I remember perfectly, Rebecca asked me if I'd let her have a hit of the pipe next time I smoked, then amanda came and wanted some, and I knew I wouldnt have enough for everybody, so I packed them their own bowl, and went outside to the smoke spot where you were, thats when I gave you guys the pipe and said "Enjoy" then I left.
10 seconds later I took a hit. Then walled away....
hahahah really? Alex Dean brought me my pipe and was like "Hey man, I saw this on the deck, its yours right? I remember from last time" #whatagreatguy.
Hahaha. I gave it to amanda then walked away. Hah. I wonder what she did. Dude just smoke a j. Worked. Im tired..
You did? Really?.
Ahha. Yeah. Had a 'pinner' from a while back....
lucky hahaha I'm actually pretty tired too, Im going to try and sleep again.
K. Good luck. Jesus loves you!!!.
I can feel his love inside of me. Dan dan dan. https://www.facebook.com/shyanne.knight.12?fref=ts. Okay so Shyanne Knight had a baby today. wiiiith. https://www.facebook.com/jamesdakotaknight?directed_target_id=0. this guys, "James Knight"... siblings?. Or coincidence?. You decide..
hahahha or they are married. also thats the guy who said that he could stab every one in mcdicks and take their money...
I know hahahaha. Did they get married?. I doubt it. I saw him today, walking around the FHS parking lot. while she was literallly giving birth to his child.
Ahahah, what the fuck. what did they name the kid?. also that fucker loooks at least 700 years old.
hahahahaha christ I know! He has a face made of worn leather.
wonder what the kids looks like.
http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20091202200203/horrormovies/images/b/b3/Leatherface1974-1-.jpg.
AHAHAHAAHAHAHHHQAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.
You just know that kid will NOT be having a good life hahaha. You watch breaking bad?.
Fuck ye. Skype.
You missed a video chat with Josh.. log in. oh wait. my skype doesnt work anymore. I forgot. I cant hear shit.
Ov fuck it we can gab tmr then.
You missed a video chat with Josh.. hahahaha but maaaaaaan. Hank: Just do what you're gonn-.
How did ur mom react to that?.
She cried. Hank was her favourite.
Ahahhahahaahhahahhhagah..
Man I almost cried when hank was on the phone, trying to make it look like Skylar wasnt involved. and he started to break down.
When was that?.
RIght before he dropped holly off at the fire dept..
Oh. U mean walt. Yea that was fucked.
oh yea I goof'd. Walt*. Anyways Ill talk with ya more tomorrow man.
Yea. Econ talkz. Denim day. U doinv it?.
yupp.
What u got.
Just a pair of jeans and a denim shirt. May cut the sleeves off the shirt haha.
Haha.
u?.
YEa, Just wanted 2 make sure it wasnt just me and the socials.
I also just made a denim bandana.
Ahahaha how?!.
Cut up an old pair of pants hahaha. ill snap chat ya.
ahah kk.
it IS the H&M shirt.
Ballzy af.
Rugged af!. I feel like Sodapop from the outsiders.
ahaahaaha, Or like  a tool..
EVERYBODY is gonna look like a tool tomorrow, thats the beauty of it.
ahaha that shirt was like $40....
It shrunk after day 1.
Ahahah Likely story. So any new targets.
Kinda but not really, its more like a girl I just happen to think is very attractive, and for some reason she sticks out when I see her in the hallways and what not. so like, I mean Im pretty much in love.
Hhahahah who is it?.
Anna Standing hahahaha.
aha, ye dude, I have always thought her looks arent appreciated as much as they should be. thank u sir for liking her. you give us all hope..
Hahahahah just doin' ma job ma'am.
Any actions planz or just gonna stare.
Thats my main problem, I only have 1 class with her, math, and she sits in a spot which makes starting a conversation with her nearly impossible hahaha.
I sit nearish 2 her in poli sci, ill talk u up.
" I heard he just has a monster of a cock".
Ill pass her a note that says that and then be like, "Oh fuck that wasnt 4 u...".
hahahahahaha. Im trying a different appraoch. I started a conversation with Rachel McAdam, one of annas friends, saying the ol' "Oh I havent talked to you in forever" spiel. After about 30 minutes I casually brought up the subject of crushes and stuff like that, she asked the same question back, and I said "Theres this girl, I dont know if you'd know her, Anna Standing?" well something along the lines of that anyways. News will inevitably be passed on to Anna, Rachel being my main source of info.
What she say.
hoping to get the "She thinks you're cute" message is this works out, not tonight obvs but some time in the future. its weird actually. she said. "I smoked pot with Johnny Hopkins. It was me, and Johnny Hopkins, and we blazed that shit all day". jk she hasnt responded.
AHAHHAHA.
she DID however say Jaclyn is free hahahahaha.
Fick her.
hahahahha I basically said that.
wait so she just disregarded that message?.
no no. this was before the fact. We were talking about crushes, I told her I kinda had one, and she said "Oh, idk if your still into Jaclyn Retalick or not anymore, but she's single now.".
wait. so u havent brought up anna yet.
Just did.
FINGAZ CROSSED..
Hahahahahaha lets see how she goes! Still hasnt seen the message yet.
DUN DUN DUN.
oh 2 things.
ye.
1) Know who's taken a liking to me? Like inviting me to his house and stuff?.
who?.
Luke Benoit hahaha.
hahahahahaahhahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahah What the fuck. What class u got with him?.
Environmental Studies. Plus I see him at most parties I go to. He invited me over this friday to smoke from his new Hooka hahaha, I told him im on that break though.
ahaha, Thats funnky. Do uu like the guy.
He's not a bad guy I guess, I mean I wouldnt hang with him every day or anything but once in a while sure. MAN shes offline! She'd better see this message tonight!.
ahahah, WHy did she go offline..
She's pretty spotty with convos, takes like 10 minutes for a reply most times.
What the fuck... haah.
Been 13 mins so far.
10 52. not looking sooo good..
Could be getting ready for bed? She seems like the type to go to bed at this time.
ahaha yea, she really does. Thats a draw back of anna, her friends.
Yea, I noticed hahaha but oh well #GRADYEAR.
If u can get it do it.. Have u alked to her yet?.
Anna?.
yea.
I wish, I have literally no chances to.
ahaha, is super cool actually..
She is?. How so?. Gimme da deets.
yea, She has good taste, and a good sense of humor..
Taste in music and what not?. Im diggin it man ahaha.
yea,  music and like TV. and she is smart. and doesnt seem to have any negative qualities, other than she is kinda quiet, which is more a negative for u..
HAhahah thats true, Im a talker, but I can usually coax a conversation out of most people.
step one, grab throat.
Step 2, reveal my concealed bowie. Rachel is killing me here.
Maybe it can wait a day..
def can, Im just impatient hahaha. she'll def see it in the AM though.
MAn do u think this is the best method....
Ah, its up there. Knowing how girls like these talk, it could very well work out.
But for her man, u have never talked to her and then she hears that you like her. that may weird her out.
Nope, I specifically mentioned I havent talked to her, I never even said I have a crush, just I thought she was very pretty. I got all the bases covered my man. hahahaha.
ahahah, but how can it move forward man!!?!? She know u think she is hot. what next?.
I'm hoping to get Rachel to be kind of an informant without her actually knowing it, first she tells Anna I said I thought she was cute, not because I told her too, but because I just casually mentioned it, then Ill start another convo with her, and see if she brings up anything like "Anna said she thought you were cute too, but you didnt hear it from me!" Making rachel think she's pulling all the strings, when really Im the puppet master.
ahahaha, but how are u going to talk 2 her.
If Rachel says anything about Anna being mildly interested at all, Ill bring up the idea of a lunch, like the 3 of us or something, Ill drive, talk with her, that could lead to me messaging her on fb, to me getting her number, to then going to lunch with just her and so on and so forth. Also, just by talking with her once, Ill then be able to talk to her any math class. Then its not weird or out of the blue.
I am really curious to see how this goes.
Same actually. its probably my most elaborate plan yet.
ahahha yea,.
Anyways if it doesnt work out theres always Jaclyn!.
ahahaahha. oh god. if u went back to her....
I wouldnt. I'd defintely hook up with her though, for the shits. shits n gigs man. shits n gigs. Nobody could blame me.
hahahaha true. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=294397203942624&set=t.100001520615455&type=3&theater. word nugga.
Hahahahahaha now THATS what Im talking about. Man, my comments are doing well.
grad group. ?.
one in grad group, one on jmers status. 26 on the one in grad group. 19 on jmer.
hahah dope man, thats king.
In this town, Likes are king. LIKESSSS OWN THIS TOWWWN. YOU KNOW WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT. LIKESSSS OWNNN THIS TOWWN. TLC's Like Wars. Or history channel sorry. 20!.
ahah UR WELCUM.
Anyways im gonna watch some anime and go to bed, got a big math test tomorrow. cya dude. dress up. look fly. #gradyear.
See u man.. man what the fuck happened last night.
Hahahahaha shieeeet dude. You know that guy with a gun that was walking around UNB campus yesterday afternoon?.
ye.
Apparently someone called and said the gun was in the house.
GO ON SKYPE RIGHT NOW.
my skype doesnt work try fb skype. install that shit dude.
Moving quick.
kk.
The video chat ended..
Went to the football game. like as it was ending. Then went with Jmer to get food, while cam liam and chris went to Emma appartment. Got wendys. drinking started. vodka. n beeeer. tolerance break. https://www.facebook.com/allison.may.smith. Liam Chris and I have decided to try shrooms. http://i.imgur.com/g0O97H2.gif. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Na1z6K7Xss. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxHnRfhDmrk. shrooms. http://i.imgur.com/YpANIiK.jpg. http://imgur.com/uAtlryc. dan. dan. dan. be online. now. nowwww.
Ahah what?!?. ..... ????.
skype.
I cant im at the library.  Whats up?.
You missed a video chat with Josh.. HAhaha itll have to wait, I need to skype it.
Fuck dude.... what is it about.
What Rachel said to Anna... my god man, I told her that I thought Anna was quite and she went SOOOO OVERBOARD with what she told her. cute*. Lets just say the line "He would do anything for you" was used. WHAT THE FUCCCCK.
Gshaahuwuauauauauauahauahagahahahahaha.
SHe fucking killed it, dead in the water man.
How did anna react???.
She kept asking like "When did you guys talk about this?" and like she seemed interested, and all Rachel said was "It doesnt matter".
Haha how do u no what she said???.
She sent the convo.
Jhahahahay send it 2 me.
I have a meeting now, Ill skype when I get back.
I cant skype dude. Also hows the meeting.
Just leaving now, and you cant skype at 8?.
Oh maybe den..
BREAKING BADDDDDD. cya. You missed a video chat with Josh.. yoo.
Canr Skype. Still study.
jesus kk, when you home?. Man, I almost passed out driving today. I had to pull off the road and get my parents to get me. on my way back from the meeting. My hearts getting wild man. Hey did I miss anything important today?. Also, been talking to Anna, hitting it off I think.
No and when did u talk.
Probably just getting ahead of myself, just on Facebook yesterday and today. I was going to hang with her before math, but I wasn't allowed to go to school today.
Why weren't u alloeed to go to school.
Cuz of yesterday, plus I kind of have a bad cold, it's about passed now though.
What u mean cuz of yesterday?!?.
I like almost passed out driving dude. I was going along after the meeting. And got my heart thing, and i started to get Tunnel vision and black out, I pulled over and called my parents and they had to come get me. It was fucked. Plus it was raining super hard, which made it even worse.
Holy fucking shit dude....
It's probably the combo of my head cold and the heart that did it. Oh guess where Anna works.
Ahaha where?.
Jinglers.
No f'ing way.  We should go in when she is working.
Hahahahaha right?. You missed a video chat with Josh.. Mahdi fucking snapped. The video chat ended.. When she finds out about the ganja. You missed a video chat with Josh.. The video chat ended..
where are u???. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4013985546512&set=t.100001520615455&type=3&theater.
http://www.explosm.net/comics/3304/. The video chat ended.. Got the lunch date with Anna tomorrow.
Haha. Where are you going ?.
no clue hahaha up to her.
Hahaja. U gonna use that line tmr.
hahahah I havent thought it through.
Ahah. U how did u set up the date.
Just asked her, also we're probably hanging this weekend. no sesh 4 me.
Wtf.. Ahahha why no Sesh. ..
I work saturday. so Id probably hang with her Friday. and I wont sesh sunday. right before school. idk. I probably will.
Ahahah. So when u gonna hang out with her? / is it time to bust out the move/ have u asked her yet?.
already asked to hang, she said yes, doubt there will be any moves, and probably friday!.
Ahhaaha. What are u gonna do. Long boardi g.
duh?. No clue dude, I may hang with her saturday, take her to the market, walk downtown a bit, maybe a movie at my place? something like that.
The wheels on this guy....
Im a big rig.
Hahaha. Man how much face to face shit have u had annstan.
just math classes man, thats why no moves are being busted out. Go with the flowwww braaah. Man I didnt study at all for econ. I just had way too much shit to do.
Hahaha I just didnt want toooo... haha that class can be dumb as shit....
I feel like its just incredibly unstructured. Anyways I'm going to sleep man.
Cya bey.
Liam and I did like 3 hours of solid math study today hahaha.
Ahah  ..
SCIENCE RULEEES. night. I got baked and thought i had a revolutionary idea for a movie, started writing the script and this is what came out of it. Hilarity ensued. . sooo... go into production tomorrow or...?. You missed a video chat with Josh..
I smell an emmy.
hahahahaha.
And in that moment we were one..
We are many. We are legion.. http://i.imgur.com/Cs4j4Xe.gif. also Im baked.
AHAHA, really?!?.
Yes sirry bob.
How much have you done?.
just a bowl of vape, wasnt even a big one either. I just have been super tired lately because I cant sleep, so I figuritvely id try smoking a bit to help fall asleep. figured*. hahahaha figuratively? Im baked.
makes sense. no.
I wasnt even trying to get baked, just a little bit to fall asleep. but here I am.
AAHHAHA.
sitting in my sweat pants. with a big ol piece of chocolate cake sitting next to me. I keep telling myself "No, dont eat the cake. There will be a better time." but I dont know what time Im waiting for... the bowls not even done. its the never ending bowl. im gonna go see if Jason notices anything, as an experiment.
AHAHAH, also keep that thing I said to you on the dl... do it..
Aw man, its actually my newest tweet... He had no clue. did you watch the gif I sent?.
ahaha yea, soooooo good..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beM28FLdAzk. Mannnn this song brings feels.
I know man. i feel ya.
what shoul i do right now?. Reddit / youtube is out. what the fuck is left?. http://www.reddit.com/?count=150&after=t3_1njfv3. imagine hot boxing this. High for second night in a row. What's happening to me?.
You're a tool.
more like a cool. I used this opportunity to write a poem for one of my eco sci assignments. enviro*.
Poems in science.  What a fucking joke... hahha.
I know its gay AF. . deep shit brah.
That was actually dope af.
right?. Im a poet and I didnt even know it.
That gangais helping a bro out..
Now we know why all rap artists smoke pot. mad beats bro.
Ahahha. Why do they do coke?.
because they thought it was salt. weve all been there.
Ahah . Oh Of course..
Im still just tokin away.
Smoking a token..
woken and boken. Wake n' bake? More like a woke 'n boke. My ganja up in smoke, gets me laughin when there aint no joke, man this shit is dope. word.
End it all.
I feel like Sam Allen. this is definitely what he does when he makes those statuses hahaha.
Ahahha I dont have him on fb.. ahh.
oh nvm hahaha. anyways im off, cya man.
Have a great life mam..
mammy. Hey man. I'm not going to that party tomorrow most likely, Anna is going to Moncton to help her older brother move tomorrow, wanna hang tomorrow night?. i said tomorrow 3 times in that sentence.
Ahahha. Yea dude. Go to fball game.  Jliu wants to hang too..
Hang after school? My place, then get dropped off at game, then go to your place?. Light dem J's? Ill buy a lil bud for da vape.
I don't wanna smoke. Im on a diet.. But u can and yes to every thing  else..
okay cool cool cool. hey watch that video i posted in the dudes, tell me what you think of it. dan. dan. dan. dan.
Wut.
u with anybody right now?.
Do.u want to skpye or something?.
nah we dont need to. but sure why not. just for a sec. You missed a video chat with Josh..
I cant.. What is it?.
its cool, I just wanted to show you something I think youd appreciate. Is the area secure?.
What is it regarding?.
Mary.
Is it a vid.
a pic. of my first Jay. so good.
Send it.
. that aint no pinner. filter n all.
Fat jay. Nigagagagag.
so much fatter in person ahahaha. I cannot wait to light this.
Haha u goonnna die.
I dont know how im gonna do it... like I wont be able to talk when I get back home... it was a great joint. Hey man.
Hi.
. Just made this dank creation.
Lololol fuck you.
It's literally all I've done all class. Met Annas parentsssss.
Ahah how was it.
I eneded up just chatting with them for a little over an hour hahaha.
Ahaha Tool. any moves.
Nothing big, just hand holding in the park hahaha and cuddles throughout movie / tv shows.
Moving on up! Hahahah nice man.
Hahahaha yea man, slow and steady.
Wins the race? What if she dumps you cuz u move to slow.. Ahah.
Hahahahaha Id vomit on spot. And ahh were moving at a good pace, we've like talked about how were dating, but neither one has dare use the word "boyfriend" or girlfriend".
Aahga. Go for it man. Hurry scurry.
Hahahaha oh dude!. I need to show you something!. It'll make you green. These are a pair of gloves you can actually legally purchase from the US. http://store.srulirecht.com/products/a-lasting-impression-is-sr341. dannny. wanna hang?.
I'm in the states. Lol.
fuuck hahaha.
Ye. How's shit going this weekend?.
Boring hahaha Hal has a huge stick up his butt. so ive been in or working mostly all wekend.
Ahahahha. Sucks to suck. So nothing big happening. Any progress with Anna?.
Were planning on going to see Gravity together sometime this week. Other than that shes busy with a history seminar / family visiting for thanks giving. I was just looking for someone to hangout with and roll a couple jays but nobodys available hahaha.
Ahhaha. Where's chris.
Dinner. Its official. Annas my girlfriend. hahahaha.
hahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahaha nicccce dud.
We did it. hahahah.
Did what????.
no no, I mean like WE did it! You and I. its a joke. I did it..
Ahahhahah. Team work dude. Me and Rachel are also official now. Lol.
She just told me you dog.
Ahahhaha. Man. Same anniversary.. Ahha.
Double datez maaan.
Nonstop double dates dude. Have you kissed her yet?.
Not even man. tomorrow. SHes not going to the party anymore either.....
Why not???.
Work early saturday. and she didnt know he was on the north side.
Oh shitty dude. But the fact that its official I a step in the right direction. Hahah.
Well theres one snag with that.... She doesnt want to sign the prenup....
.
hahaha "ROCK ONNN:.
How u ask her out?.
We were just talking about how we both really liked seeing eachother, and I basically just asked if she considered us boyfriend / girlfriend hahaha.
And she said... Well kinda. And ur like I'll take as a yes..
She said "Yes we are" hahahaha. So I took that as a good sign.
Ahahh. I don't know man. It could go either way really good or bad. Kinda unclear.
hahahaha jokes?.
jahhahahaahahah fuck yes.. I'm proud of u man. First gf of jMac that is a normal cool person. Who is good looking and not crazy. This is a goddamn mile stone..
hahahahah big day man, big da. day. I wish so bad she could go to the party. were hanging out afterschool, up until I go to the party though, so thats something.
U up?.
ye ye ye.
Dude just got the Rollin machine.
No waaaay man. how is it?. Did you have stuff to roll?.
Yes. I busted up 2 pinners to make. I'll take a pic.
yea  man I wanna see. Man. At Chris's, Jmer was using my grinder, and it was in his bag when he went home, so I didnt have my weed to smoke tonight, and I told that to Kaleb at work today and he gave me a nug.
Ahhahahahah. Good guy. Ahhahaha. Sub family. So where did you go last night???.
I ended up cabbing to Emmas and splet on the floor with just a blanket and 3 pillows... it sucked.
So uniform. Lol and shitty. How did rod find out?.
oh my god. oh. Uh. I guess we were too loud and his neighbour called his step mom in Jamaica and she got Rod to come.
Holy fuck. Chris is gonna be in such shit....
right now he says his mom and step dad are being relatively cool about it, but his dad and step mom are pissed.
His step mom is already a total b. So he is in for a total shit storm..
I know, I feel so bad for him. that party never even got started for me!! My alcohol was so late, and I was so baked.
AHAh, yeah. and what the fuck was the deal with people stealing ur shit.
Man, that whole situation just popped up and then dissappeared for me. I guess like Bryn or brynt or whatever the fuck it is took it and then brought it to his car, when he came back in he told someboidy about it, and they told cam, cam told me while I was out seshing, so I was like, "Fuck I have to deal with this when I get inside" and I knew it was gonna suckkkk but I stayed to finish the sesh first, and by the time I was done and went back inside cam had already gotten it back.
Ahaha, that was fucked..
Hahaha ya really, what huge assholes. oh well we got it back. but then the party ended. I only had like 3 strong drinks. anyway man Im gonna play a match of league and go to bed, I have to open tomorrow afternoon.. night man. You check out that game yet?.
It would work. At an 8.5 right now...
Sameeee hahaha. Man Im playing another FANTASTIC game, this one is the perfect high game. http://thepiratebay.sx/torrent/9066560/The_Stanley_Parable_Cracked-3DM.
Hahsha. What you smoke wit. Don't have my lt.
Vape and pipe, where u at?.
Home but laptop is up stairs..
Ohh makes sense.
Lloll..
Dannn you up?. Dude.
What?.
Just discovered we've been hitting the MFLB wrong this whole time.
AHAAHAH what. how do u hit it/??.
You take like, sips. like.... you hold the batter for a long time. and take "sips" ever like 2 - 3 seconds to cool the chamber, but the vaporization occurs at higher temperatures the longer it lasts, so it vapes the weed waaaay more. battery*. Its a super noticeable amount better hahaha.
sweet. are u hitting it now?.
Yep, long day at the offive. office*. oh. btw I found another must play indie game. this one is 1 million times better than that Democracy one.
What is?.
http://thepiratebay.sx/torrent/9066560/The_Stanley_Parable_Cracked-3DM. Its very short too. Can be finished in like 45 minutes. But man, its sooo good. Make sure to listen to all the dialogue though, thats what makes the game so fun to play.
U home?.
Picking up Jason at Jacks.
kk Skype whenu back?.
Got the kiss.
The king has arrived///.
Also, she initiated the tongue hahaha. We kissed on the middle of the walking bridge in the rain #romace #killinit.
hahaha, why were u on the bridge?.
Just out for a walk, at first it was light drizzle and we didnt mind, but then it just started coming down hahaha.
FBO.
FBOOOO.
nice nice. U brought that up.
I did hahaha. I was talking about how so many people knew we were together that we may as well make it fbo hahaha and she agreed.
ahah, smoooooth.... So the kiss cherry was broken <3.
It was hahaha I used the kisses line. We stopped in the middle at one of those benches, and started talking about how long we've been seeing eachother, and then I was like "All that time I was looking for the perfect moment to give you a kiss, and I think I just found it" then I whipped out the candy. then she laughed, and I held her around the waist and said something like "You thought I meant something else?" then kissed her hahaha it was good.
NICEEE. And toungewas involved?.
Very much so. And it was her that started it! I was just going for a good ol fashioned kiss, and we ended up making out for a little bit.
Nice. What did you do with the body tho....
Off the side of the bridge. THATS why I was on the bridge.
Ohhhhh. I guess that frees up  ticket to the target thing....
Hahahahaha funny you mention that, I just told her parents about that tonight. They said they'd love to go hahaha.
AHAHAH. Cute. Get her home on time.
a littttttle late. 15 mins.
ohhhhhhhhh. Bad BF.
Nah man, Im pretty sure her parents love me.
Did they fuck you...No... Then they dont love you.
Hahahaha well as close as you can get without a proper fucking.
A proper fucking... Sounds like clockwork orange.
Hahahah thats what I was going for. ultraviolence.
Did you ever finish that book?.
Yup.
How the heart btw.
Bad enough that I need to go to another specialist on the 21st ahaha.
Thats shittyyyy.
Ive kind of accepted that Im going to die at like 55 at this point.
Well thats depressing as fuck.
Hahahahaha you're telling me!. I most likely will never see my child get married, thats the one that gets me the most for some reason.
How do u know 55 is the number. who said?.
Oh idk thats just like the average age for heart attacks to become more of a possibility.
Whats the name of ur thing/.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supraventricular_tachycardia#Diagnosis.
That gif is fucked.
Welcome to my life maaaaan. that gif is inside of me.
So are Anna's parents.
Hahahahahaha just the tip.
no pun intended,,,,.
That reminds me. There was this website having a Pun contest. the winner with the best pun joke got $500 to spend online. and you could send as many puns as you wanted. so I sent in ten.
gimme.
I was hoping id win. but no pun in ten did.
ahahahhahahahahah.
ye ng. yee nigg*. puns.
ng.
.
Lol.
hey dan. Could you send me that pic you took at Chris's of me greening out hahahaha.
.
hahahah awesome. Night one of not smoking: Success. Night one of going to bed early: Failure.
LOL Ru u doing cut off day tmr?.
. Purr-fect.
lol.
boom. 3 in a row. bang bang bang. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p83OpVJX-BY. The funniest thing I have ever seen.
haahhahaahhahaah.
It turned to chaos so suddenly. Every single aspect of it hahaha.
Saw it coming. Dude, just watched Dear Zachary, SOOO SAD> Who told u abou tit?.
Nobody, I was just looking up good documentaries for myself. Is it really THAT sad?. :o. :o. :o.
UR in for a fucking. JUST WATCH IT...> NOW.
I dont want to cry right now.... Not in that kinda mood y'digg.
When u watch it text me.
kkk. . Done last night at an [8]. hahaha.
Ahahhshshhshfucked.
I know hahahah so weird. I dont remember starting it, only finishing it. I was like "Done. Wait.. what the fuck?".
Ahahha.
skype. Dewd.
Tell me bout(.
All went as planned. hahahah man it was awesome, I really like her. I like her so much that describing what we did just feels wrong hahaha all ill say is everything went exactly as i hoped it would.
What happened??.
We got pretty intimate.. Fingers were used, bras were off hahaha and now we're closer than ever I think.
Wwoowowie and it went well??.
Extremely.
Niceeeeee dude.....
dude. Rykers family won the loto.
Hahahha. I know lolo.
1/4 mil.
I know man. Soo funny....
Man I spent 6 hours studying for math today but 0 on econ....
ahahhaahhahahaah. I havent started to study yet lol....
This is my biggest regret so far this year, going into that class. btw did you go shoppin??.
yeye.
VVillage.
ye. did go?.
yisss. I got a pretty fly setup I think.
hhahah. wut is it??.
Like a light blueish green suit, with a green vest, and white pants, with brown leather shoes, and a fadora. plus da bow tieee.
how much u drop?.
30. my mom has a card there that gets her huge discounts that i use.
nice. have u put it all on yet?.
you know it.
ahah, and hows it looking?.
pree fly i think.
ahaahah, Sick sik. who u going wit tmr.
Annaaa.
Nice. where u with her 2day?.
Very short bit, like an hour and a half.
Oh and btw, I am 95% sure she was on her period...4.
for reals?  she kinda shut me down tonight.
Really, how?.
there was like 30 minutes until she had to go, and I started kinda moving my hand into position, and she said she that she didnt really want to because she had to leave so soon. Also we were both tired as fuck, which kinda threw it off. on the drive back home after I dropped her off I felt like I could have fallen asleep behind the wheel. also. what makes you say 95%?.
Okay she takes her bag to the bathroom... Why else would she. Then she makes you stay over the panties... two big signs....
Mahaaan, what if shes still on it.
Well that was 6 days ago, so its with in range....
How long does these things go? Im unfamiliar.
4-8, it changes frum girl to girl, and month to month... Do u think she would say if she was on it tho?.
Probably not. I think she'd be worried about embarrassing herself, but I really dont care.
HAha, yea, well let it pass, give it time, and wait till the weekend or something. What if she just didnt want to tho man....
we were cutting it pretty close so Im not looking too into tonight. I think if we hang out this weekend that we'll do something most like.
Do u think ull get sum sum frum her?.
Well that was fun.
lol yea nigaa. https://scontent-b-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/1441510_10151817618402476_1714523808_n.jpg. Look @ jason.
hahahahaha. I may eat the vaped bud. as an experiment.
101 lol.
Im going to get a bunch of crackers with peanut butter, and eat as much of the bud as I can stomach. see how high I get hahaha. maybe paint some self portraits.
did u eat it yet?.
starting now.
AHAH, remember the last time we did edibles.
That wasnt my last time hahahah but man, Ill never forget that night.
Hot nit.
eating this is much easier than I thought. almost all gone. im gonna be fucked.
Ahaha ur gonna green.....
Not as bad as that night hahaha. Ill only green if Im actually in a stressful situation. if Im just chilling ill be fine. plus no smell. so Ill be fine.
ahahahaha.
My farts are gonna be dank. cant fart around mama mac.
ahahahahha. go fart in ur moms sleeping face.
end up shitting a nug. oh man. kicking in. almost done... must soldier on...
ahahah, smoke it, turns out ur high as fuck, just shit. u smoke ur own shit. ahhhhhhh.
Rinse and repeat baby. oh man. Im barely keeping this all down.
Ahahhahahahah oh god yes.
almost.... done..... For science!.
Any effect..
slight. at the moment im at a 1. I know its there, but its nothing razy]+. nvm im btrle. bakedf. baked.
AHAHAhHHAH WHAT?.
Im only a little baked. baked enough that typing is a problem haha. if this is as high as I get ill be dissapointed. this is like a 2 - 3. 4 now. okay I think its slowly building up. the question is, how high?.
hahahaha 11.
It seems to be slowing down around 4. dissapointing. transtioning from 4 to 5.
AHAHAH http://imgur.com/a/0tnPs. AHHH.
I couldnt get through it, wtf is it hahahah.
AHAHAHA, im sober and I greened.
I greened hard man. I couldnt do it.
How long is ur break man?.
Well its more of a break from home seshing. but cutting out home seshing will greatly reduce my # of seshes. 2 weeks id say, min. okay im starting to get pretty baked.
aahahahah Fuck man, what u doing?.
idk man. Im trying to find something to do. I wanna play league, but Im so scared of losing... I just started playing ranked matches, where each one cound. counts.
Hows it going].
you play 10 matches, before they decide what league to put you in, the more matches you win the better the league. so far ive played 5. last 3.... lost*. Cameron lost 4 when he did it. Im behind man.... you should start playing league hahaha so addiciting. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGkfJ7WkGME. watch that, it will make you want to play.
OVerwhelmed.
really? hahahah that slow mo reenactment at the end was still pretty cool though.
AHahAH seeems like a big time eater.
Eater??.
Like takes up lots of time.
oooooh I read it like its a BIG TIME eater. you know?. I was like, what?.
ahahahahaahhahah.
got to a 6 1/2.
hhaha, on the decline?.
yessir. going to bed. night dude.
nite.
Dan Dan Dna. dan dan dan dan. So big man.
Ye.
Told my mom I vape. Came 100% clean.
What why????.
told her literally everything.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
We had a huge heart to heart, and I just felt the need to tell her. shes decently cool about it. I can do it at home. she wont tell my dad.
Fuck man.. That's crazt.
Shes going to watch a movie with me, while I vape, to see how it effects me.
Ahahahhahahahahaha. Man. That's crazyyyyyy!.
I knowwwww. ahhhh so much stress off my shoulders. She doesnt support it though.
Ahaha. Does Jason no.
If she could, shed get me to stop. no. also she said if Jason found out shed kill me. so he wont be smoking with me anymore.
Fuc. Man that's soooo good. That went so well..
we talked for an hour. she said she needs to do more research on it. because she thinks its like a terrible drug that makes you lose control of yourself.
Ahahaha. Lose control..
So I used my vast knowledge of the subject to slightly alter her perspective. She said something like "The chemicals take over your brain" or something like that. she also said she never wants me to drive high.
That makes sense I guess..
I told her I have though.
Wat she say?.
Didnt approve, but she understands that my motor skills are all there when Im high. I told her the only thing Im worried about is if I make a mistake that I would have made sober anyways, and then get pulled over for it, that they might know I was high. but I made sure she knew its not the weed that would cause me to make the mistake, yknow?.
Yea yea. and she isnt telling Hal?.
Nope this is between me and her.
Nice. So u getting the vape back. And does she know Jason blazes?.
No if she knew that she'd probably tell Ha;. Hal. Im getting jason off of it. too risky now. he'll have to wait until he's older to try this move for himself hahah. Right away she was like "So thaaaats why you like those incense so much".
Hahahahha. She must have half knew... Lol.
Nope she had no clue, I asked her. she said she was wondering about the visine, but that thought never crossed her mind. cuz remember she found my visine one day.
Fuck  dude. Stealthy . do u think she would blaze?.
No I asked her. she laughed and said she never would, because if Hal found out he'd divorce her. She just came downstairs to make sure there was no evidence that I had ever smoked pot on facebook, she said I need to cover my tracks hahaha. Sim is so fucking cool.
Is there any?,And fuck man Hal dont mess around... I know man. #Jelly...
theres one comment, on one photo.
What is it?.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2345468148841&set=t.100003445793963&type=3&theater. whoops sorry not that one. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2345468748856&set=t.100003445793963&type=3&theater.
Ahahhahaha. U gonna do anything about it?.
nah, shes only worried about my aunts finding out, but I dont have them on fb.
Oh. Yea. Well that's an old photo anyway...
yea exactly. I dont think it will be a problem. but mannnn this is a whole new chapter.
Yea. Like what are the ground rules or what ever?.
none were really set in place as of yet. all she said is only at home. to which I said, I do it out a lot too. so she said no driving. which is fair, and I may start abiding by those rules.
Yea. So u aren't gonna blaze out and around town ..
Man, think there will be school tomorrow?. No no, I will. She just said no driving basically. I conviced her to let me do it outside the house.
Oh makes sense. Fuck. So will u be able to smoke on ur back deck u think?.
No. I didnt tell her I smoke... I said I always vape cuz its health. healthy.
Oh I see..
i will tell her though. just easing into it.
Ahahha. Slowly but surely. And yea. I really hope they cancel it. Im going to bed man. Nite and congratz !! Ahha.
I hope so too man. night dewd. Dude I just realized, my dad goes away next month, I very well could smoke on my deck hahaha. http://i.imgur.com/gTI2BvE.jpg.
Lolo.
Rachels Christmas gift??? ;) ;) ;3.
Ahahahha. Def.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BczPm1d5_18. Thats the game, see I didnt do it justice. its so fucking dark hahaha.
AHAHAH, that looks fucked. Rachel said that she played it and she had to quit cuz it was too spooky.
I just talked her back into playing it after she showers. You should look at it man hahaha.
ahahah, i have shit to do..
What are ya? a PUSSY?. hahahahah its cool.
u caught me.
dewd.
Wat?.
Just had another talk with Mama mac.
What?. did she say.
so I have a doctors appointment coming up. and they have to do a blood test. she said she doesnt want me to do it until after the blood test. 11 days.
ahahaha, Why?.
Just for her own peace of mind. she said that. during those 11 days. she will research the topic. and if I can promise her that I can go 11 days without doing it (because I told her how there is no dependancy on it) that she'll try it.
Ahahahh, What the fuck???.
Right? Then after she tries it she'll make up her mind. How insane is that. 11 days until I sesh with Simona.
Make up her mind on what?.
if she'll allow me to continue. but since its her first time, she'll barely feel it, also we'll vape so it will be such a light high. my hope is that she'll think "Wow he really is 100% normal when high" and let me continue.
Ahah, just make her take like 3 hits, and say its alot.
Yea that too. Were gonna have 1 trench between the both of us.
HAs she ever drank?.
barely. glasses of wine at special events kinda thing.
Because if she has never done something that changes how she feels/acts, she may get freaked.... Oh btw, have u smoke any of the shit we got yesterday?.
All make sure she doesnt green. I vaped some, why?.
Is it any good?.
its REALLY good btw haha. hahahaha. ye man.
Sweet!.
when you thinking of trying out one of them joints?.
I am smoking one tmr night then doing the Econ essay....
Like right after?.
YEa, I think..
hahahaha thats hilarious. Anyways Anna's coming over after school tmmw, so I gotta get my room cleaned before bed, then Im gonna play the shit outta that cat lady game haha. Ill cya tomorrow dude. oh. we have another guest speaker in tomorrow for Econ.
Oh who?.
Cant remember.
Sweet, are u goin to the cabin this weekend?.
Nah, liams mom wouldnt let him. Not good enough marks as of late.
Shitty.
Oh well, its no big deal hahaha. anyways cya tomorrow dude.
Cya man.
So I just found an s4 in a closet upstairas.
Ahahah. That'll cheer u upm.
hahaha lil bit. Im not as upset as I was earlier. Im more upset that she lied, but she's been having a rough week, I understand if maybe she just doesnt wanna hangout. I just wish she'd be upfront instead of fucking with my brain. My old dog died today, Java that golden retriever at my aunts... this has just not been my month hahaha.
Fuck man. That sucks... Not ur month at all....
I really need it to be christmas break right now.
Just stop going to school....
I have too much shit to do, even now Im working on english hahaha.
Ahahah. What do u have to do for English?.
Essay about a book.
How long does it have to be?.
No minimum so thats nice hahaha, I just havent read the book in so long. Its the Mysterious Stranger.
Ahahah. I guess that's no so so bad then.. If u can even remember it....
Im gonna start working on that Econ tomorrow too, Ive just been too busy to even touch it recently, plus we never get class time anymore.
Hahah yea. I did another page this weekend. So were at like 3 pages...
What do we need?.
http://i.imgur.com/PG6vedd.jpg.
Liam sent me the same thing today hahaha, the vapor that youd exhale would be a pretty big give away though. Its easy enough to sesh without hiding hahaha remember at that Back to the Future movie downtown this summer. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlUR09yRHZU. Dude I can only find the names of the board of directors for Google, how am I supposed to make a graph showing the chain of command?. nvm, just hit gold. I cant insert the photo, so Ill just print it off at home and bring it in tomorrow. Besides that its all finished, All that needs to be done is the headers / spacing of paragraphs. Im not sure how to make it double spaced or 1.5 space, so could you do that at some point tonight?.
Yea when ur done I'll just do a t of c and format and shit. Also I'll do the citing so I can print it tonight. Just message me when ur done.
Its all done already, the only things I dont have is my headers because I dont have the outline, so I forget what exactly to title each section. Do you want me to send you the graph I found?. .
That's so good! Yeye. I'll do the heading and shit for u. Do u have ur sources??.
most of the shit I got straight from google itself. then there was one other site. just a sec. http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2013/nov/01/google-new-london-headquarters.
Kk sweet.
Also, got 100% on my english, great success.
What u mean_?.
That test I wrote that I was studying for haha.
Wait I thought you had that tmr?.
Its another one, she gives them like back to back.
Oh nice nice.
.
Nice VId FAG.
Hahaha man its probably gonna get me full marks, plus it only took 30 mins to film, no regrets. imagine if barnhart got them to put it on the Daily Roar.
Ahhaham oh god. That would be funny. Also u forgot magament roles and reporting thing for the project.
is that not what the graph is? I thought they were on the same bullet.
U have to do a written part. They are on different bullets..
fuckk kk sec. What would you call the 3rd level of that graph. the top is the Executive Officers, next is board of directors, then what>?.
Call them department heads..
kk. sup mayne.
Ey.
Still at  the funeral?.
No. But im still in Moncton..
Yea it says Sent From Moncton hahaha, I was gonna say you should come over tonight, sleepover / sesh / work on econ.
Ahahah. Yea. I wish. I am not gonna be back till late..
Big storm tonight.
Is it tonight?.
ye. Or tomorrow morning maybe.
Do u think its gonna be canceled?.
Idk its hard to say... 20cm Sunday morning, and throughout the day, then another 2 cm that night with risk of flurries... tough call. So were just not gonna be able to film that movie hahaha. Liam stayed the night last night, and got snowed in today, so he's staying tonight too.
Ahaha we can work on it Tuesday..
sounds good.
U up.
She says that Anna is just super stressed right now, and has a lot going on, she's just acting like that to cope apparently, and I shouldnt take it personally. Dude. fuck. I said I was worried she was getting tired of me, and she said "I honestly don't know if that's the case or not. I guess you'll have to wait and see.". I then said, I hope she's not tired of me, and she said "Me either, but you never know.". "Look, maybe you should talk to Anna about this. I don't want to say anything I shouldn't.".
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Fuck man.
man.
U still talking to her?.
I said "Im going to talk about it soon. I dont want this to linger" and she said "Im sure she doesnt either".
man....
dude. if this is a breakup, I dont know if Ill be able to handle it haha...
Man, Sabrina is sending charged messages....
Idk man... it seems like she knows something that I dont. and its not a good something. kk, I told her I was gonna talk to her as soon as possible, I said "That's what I'll probably do then! Hopefully theres nothing to talk about! :p ". she said "hahaha heres hoping.". fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. What am I going to do?. I mean, Im going to ask to talk to her alone right after math tomorrow. but what if she just ends it.
Man. Do you think she will....
I dont know dude... honestly it doesnt look very good.
I don't think she will tmr....
But I mean, if she wants to, tomorrow would be the time to do it.
Well I guess give her the chance to do it....
maybe I will need those meds.. hahaha. I just need to go lay down man, Ive never felt so worried in my life.
Good luck man. Take it easy...
Fuckkkk man, I wish I could just fast forward to the talk, I cant take this waiting every second is absolute torture.
Just have a bowl and take it easy for the night..
I cant even have a bowl man, i wont enjoy it. Im just going to go to sleep, ill maybe cya tomorrow dude.
Cya man...
Mannn.
What?.
Was talking to anna about her drawings.
And what?.
ANd I was like. "Really though, you're incredibly talented at drawing! And painting too!! That eye you painted was so good I had to save it to my phone :) I wish I had some kind of artistic ability!". She responds back with "As long as its not your wallpaper or anything". Is that cold? Or am I looking too into it because Im worried?.
... Be like, why not...
Hahahaha I can understand how that'd be a LITTLE weird, but like just saving it is totally acceptable.
Hahaha. Maybe reading in too much...
I hope so.. Its just cuz she kinda singled out the saving the photo part you know? Its almost like saying "Dont get too attached".
I no... Man not good.
Im kind of at the point where Ive just accepted that its gonna be a breakup... it cant be coincidental, Sabrinas messages, Annas texts, that thing at starbucks. Shes ending it dude.
... U sure..
Not 100%, but like, I have a terrible feeling about all this.
Man, it could just be nothing...
I know I was just thinking... I hope it is.
Yea. Me too..
All I can do is wait I guess haha. Fuck mann school. I don't want to deal with this shit. Hanging out with Anna tomorrow. theres "something she wants to talk to me about".
No fucking way...  Man how u feeling.
Tired hahaha, this is going to suck to have to go through. Im glad Im getting it out of the way right off the bat though. I might go to a party tomorrow night. get some tail. brah.
Man.... You think this is the end?.
Its looking that way.
Do you think you'll beat her to the punch.
As in break up with her first?.
Yea.
naw. I dont care who ends it. Im gonna let her say what she wants to say, then Imma say what I want to say, and see what happens.
Yea man. How did she bring that up?.
I asked if she wanted to hang out tomorrow, and she was like "Yea. I have something Ive been meaning to talk to you about".
Oh man. So u think thats the kiss of death?.
Could very well be man.
How did u feel when she said that?.
I was with Chris at his house seshing, and it put a downer on my mood, at the same time though Im kinda like, thank god thats over hahaha.
Yea man I know what you mean. It probably a little bitter sweet for you... Who's party u going to?.
Kylies I think.
Party on. Man what if tmr night is the night u lose ur virginty. (I'm drunk btw).
Where u drunk at? And hahahaha thatd be wild.
I'm just at Richards house hanging out. Have u talked to sabrina at all?.
Not since yesterday. but fuck her haha.
Yeah really dude fuck her. She was just mean to you.Man what ever happens tmr just remember that no matter how bad it feels that she is in the wrong and that you are the nice guy. She can what ever, but you will still be the though full one. You need to know that. She may be pretty and she may be smart. But you are still better man.  Your gonna get a girl soon that apretaites you.. Not full, nice..
Hahahaha thanks dude, straight to the heart.
Yea man. Its the truth. On an other note when is hal leaving?.
Early January I think, but Im not sure, I havent heard word of it since the day I was first told.
So do you think it will still happen?.
I think so, but Im not certain.
Why don't you ask???.
Never really crossed my mind haha.
I see I see. Well unlimited seshs when he leaves. Man its too bad that u and ur dad don't get along but it seems like he brought it on him self.
Its starting to get better actually, slowly but surely.
Yea? How so?.
Talking more n shit like that.
Yea, that makes sense. Like did he act differently after u got diagnosed with depression?.
slightly.
Really. Lm.  do u think he believed it?.
Naw.
Do u believe it?.
He thinks the doc was fucked too.
HahHs. The doc did meth pre apoitment. Probs.....
almost 100% sure. hahaha anyways im going to bed night dude]\.
Night man. Good luck tmr! Keep me updated.
You think you'd wanna go to Kylies tonight?.
No, I have family plans. When are you hanging with Anna?.
7. Then going to the party directly afterwards hahaha.
Ahahahha why so late?.
Her choice. I think she knows this wont be long. The time alone is a bad sign.
Yea. Where are you meeting her?.
Probably picking her up, I always do. I dont know where Ill take her though... like honestly Id rather go over, break up, then leave right away hahaha.
Hahha yea. Makes sense.  Man do u really think this is the end?.
I dont know what else it could be haha.
Yeah I guess. How are you feeling about the whole thing?.
I dont care that much anymore, i just dont want to have to go through all these formalities.
Yea. Would you rather it be over text?.
Nah I guess not, Im glad its in person but its still gonna suck.
Yea man. Do you think you'll still be up.for the party after it all?.
Last night I was thinking about this whole thing, and playing songs on iTunes, and then this one song came on that perfectly summed up my feelings about this relationshio. relationship*. I think it'll make me wanna party more. You've probably already heard this before, but listen to it again with my situation in mind, its perfect. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ffgsf3pqaD8. What you up to today? Down to go to the mall? I need to finish up my xmas shopping.
I cant. I am going to this neighborhood reunion this afternoon. Ahha.
s'all good. I didnt realize I work today... they've been calling / texting me but I keep ignoring it because I just cant deal with work today... Theyre probably gonna fire me though.
Fuck man.....
Literally the worst week of my life hahaha. Oh well, hopefully I dont work tomorrow, and if thats the case Im gonna get drunker than I ever have before. Mannnnnn it just keeps getting fucking worse. She says "Actually I cant hang out until 8". and I was like "I have plans, why cant you just hang out at 7?" and shes like "Nvm, are you free tomorrow?". And I was like "Is this something we can just talk about now..? Yes, Im free tomorrow, but I dont know at what time, or where Ill even be. If you cant find the time to talk about this today, then Id rather just talk about this now.. http://25.media.tumblr.com/7331f3427112e977ca1ebdf3ab5bdcdb/tumblr_mti8onzTAz1re5o97o1_1280.jpg. 40 mins til I meet Anna... she said she wants to meet at the Library, and I dont pick her up because shes driving herself...
Mannn....
Broke up.
Fuck man. How you feeling..
Not even that bad surprisingly, Im kinda excited to be back on da puss hunt after such a boring relationship hahaha. Man. all she said was its not you its me. it was a 1 minute conversation. then she left. thats all she had to say.
Short and sweet. The hunt begins again..
Why did she have to tell me that in person? If she didn't want to talk, why did it have to be face to face?. Like, Im being literal when I say it was a 1 minute conversation.
Ahahah. Yea. So was it at the library..
Yea.
Why?.
She was picking up books....
Oh. Fuck. That's kinda dick.
Seriously though. Fuck her hahaha.
How did the whole convo go? Like word for word..
Super baked, I'll tell you in the morning.
Hagah kk.
Basically, I show up and as I'm walking in I see both of her parents waiting in their car out front, so right away I knew that's a bad sign. Then I walk in and she's sitting at a table upstairs by a window reading, I walk up to her and sit down, saying hey and whatever, there she's like "so this isn't really...working out" and I was like " why do you think that?" And she said "well it has nothing to do with you! Tell your parents to have a merry Christmas" then she collected her books and left.
................ Man....
Terrible hahaha.
Fuck it man tmr is Christmas!.
I knowww Ahhh. Doesn't feel like  it, it's weird hahaha it just hasn't hit me.
Yea man same! I wonder why..
It's gonna hit me tonight hahaha.
AhahH. It hit me!.
Me too!! My aunt just gave me an apple TV.
Ahahahhaahahahhahah sick!!.
What got you in the spirit?.
Christmas eve dinner.
Hahahah really? nicee. Jason and I are having a bro sleepover. Bell fucked up, so now my S4 doesn't work and my old phone doesn't work either.. I have to wait 3 days until I can get it take care of.....
Ahahhahahaha. Fuckinh bell! Ahha.
Got the phone working now!. Also are you going to Ellas? She lives super close to you hahaha.
haha No, I  am out of town. are u going to richards party?.
Yup, but I can't stay, I close tomorrow, so I'll drive down probably blaze a bit then go home, cuz I work the next day hahaha. That sucks that you're out of town, I was hoping you would go so we could stay at your place hahaha. Ellas will be my first time getting drunk in a long time.
Ahaha, where are u staying after ellas?.
Now I'm not sure, I'll have to see who's all going first. I doubt I'd stay there hahaha. Maybe crash at Jaclyns.
Is she going. ?.
Nah I was jk I just said that cuz Ellas like her neighbour.
ahahahahhaha, oh..
Going to Richards tonight?.
Yeye. Ru?.
Ye until 12, gotta work the next day so I need to be home. It's at his old place right?.
Haha yea yea..
Kk yup I'll be there for a bit! You drinking?.
Yeyeye. U partying tmr nite?.
partyin now. I have liam and Chris over hahah. I havent heard of anything happening tomorrow but Im 100% down to go to anything.
Ahha. Oh, have chris or Liam heard anything..
nope. but we havent really tried to find one.
Apparently scott mann is having one. But I don't know how big it is going to be..
I know how big it's going to be if its Scott man. that was chrus. chris*. How big it's going to feel. If Scott Mann was inside me. I know u have seen this message Daniel.
Hal? That you?.
Matson.
Help who am I talking to..
I just kind of let Chris and Matson take over, Im still here though - Josh.
Ahahah. Cute. Um yea. Maybe we are would all go to that? Idk..
Is it a fair sized party?. -matson.
Apparently it is gonna be kinda big. Idk..
Haha I would go. -everyone.
Yea. I just don't want it to be us then like 15 other uni.
I have no idea who it is haha.
Haahah. Give it a search..
we have no idea who he is though.
Search the boy up.
We all don't know him.
Ahha. Yeye. We could do a get together at my place, or do u guys wanna PARTYYYY. Ahha. Yeye. We could do a get together at my place, or do u guys wanna PARTYYYY.
Im down for either. :D.
We may have something at my place. But I don't think we could smoke. But maybe drink idk..
Ahh I see I see, v cool.
Its gonna be a Tres cool event. Jk. It maybe lame but what eve.
so what are we doing haha.
Ahaahha. Idk if you guys wanna come over we can round up a lil dudes crew..
sounds good. byob??.
Yea.. Ahaha..
kk. im byob-ing. this is liam and chris haha.
What u bringing?. Fermented cum?.
ooooooo. no way dan. ew. rum.
Cum Rum. Mmm :):).
ur bro booz run?.
Idk. Maybe I'll ask tmr.. Do u not have any?.
0.
Lol. Kk. I wonder if my rents care if we drink..
That's a good question... If we all spend the night?. How old is Bob?.
70. You can all sleep over..
Liam and I were debating. And Niceee. I'm super down. Poker night!.
Ahahha. Rachel and abbey will be there. But yeye.
Dudes poker night, we all agree.
Ahah yeah..
Wait dude....
What?.
Okay.. We may be baked, but this is something we all just kinda realized.
What u mean?.
You alone right now?.
Yea..
Okay good, cuz I feel like kinda a dick asking it but, will it be expected for one of the Dudes to Kiss abbey At midnight? Lol.
Ahhahahahha. Nooooo ahahhahah. Who would it be??.
Alvin?. Not rdu I don't think lol he has that new girl doesn't he? I still don't understand what the situation is with them.
Ahhaha. Neither do I. I think its a she doesn't want. And he does..
Have you asked about tonight yet? Also, is Chris down to get us a lil alcohol? Stores close at 6 today.
He says sure. But he needs cash upfront..
That can be done.
Ahahha kk.
What time is best for him?.
I'm still in Moncton. So u can just drop the money in my front mail box..
Kk u back before 6?.
I'll be back by 2.
Sounds good, I'm gonna slip a 20 sheet in there, and Liams paying with a 50 dollar prepaid visa.
Ahahhah. Is he paying $50?.
I just want like a pint of rum, I'm not sure about Liam, I'll ask and get back to you.
I don't think my brother wants a pre paid visa.. Ahah.
Kk there will be cash. Liam wants a pint of rum. $40 is in your mail box. Dan.. Call me, I don't have your number anymore. Down for a movie tonight?. Nvm lol.
Hahah kk. josh ur dad still moving out west?.
theyre vague about it, Im not sure if hes waiting for a response, or what.
strange.....
I never heard much to being with tbh hahaha. Ill ask him about it later. Dude.
yey.
I'm having a bit of math trouble again.. Could I come over? We could do some math then practise our presentation.
YEa dude sure thing!.
Dope, I'll be there soon!.
kk see ya.
Dann. Dan mah man.
What up man?.
Im in a pickle and you may be able to help, its cool if you cant though. I need to print notes for math tomorrow, but only just now realized that Im out of computer paper... is there any way at all you could print the notes and get them to me before 1st period???.
My printer is kinda fucked. I have to print my shit at school. Sorry man.
No worries dude, chris may be able to!.
Why arent u in the party inbox???.
Maybe she forgot? Hahaha Idk. How many people are in it?.
22.
Can you add me?.
tyg.
Still not in our don't think. I*.
i added u..
I didn't get a noti.
look at ur messages.
Nvm lol. I'm so glad val can't go. Lolz.
haahah me too. How was/is the party?.
It's da bong.
Lol.
You shoulda come man! Haha it was a really fun time.
Who was there?.
Like 30 some people. Most of her dance friends.
Compressed half a g. Altoid for scale.
Perfection. Kief layer in the centre, going out now. You looked at this the second I came back. like I JUST sat down. then boom "Daniel has read your message" hahah.
Ahahhaha how was it?.
Im still on the climb hahah so far im like a 5.
Ahah. Nice.  What kind of papers did u get?.
Zig zags, but the guy id'ed me. I went in. and picked up a bag of chips plus a milkshake. then at the register I asked him what kind of rolling papers he had at the store. And he opened the drawer to show me, then we was like do you have any id on you btw?. And I was like "uhhh yea I do" but in my mind I thought I was fucked. Anyways, as I pull out my id I say "You have to be 18 right?" and he was like "Oh actually it's 19...". Then I was like "Oh sorry, I just turned 18 and thought I could buy papers now, and showed him my license which validated that I just had a bday. Then he was like "Did you drive here?". And I was like "yea I parked right over there". and he looked over at my car, to see if anyone was in it. He basically said he was making sure I wasnt a government tester, like to see if he would sell to a minor. and that if i was a tester there would usually be someone in the car waiting. but since I just got off work, nobody was there. Then he said he didnt care if I wasnt 19 and I could buy it. But I didnt really wanna push it and buy 2 packs.... It all happened so fast hahaha. Long story short, I bought a 100 pack of zig zags white.
Hahhahahah. Niceee. WWhere u at scholtens?.
Nope, I went to the one by the hanwell tims. the roller is making me exercise more than I have in a while hahaha.
Ahhahah. Yea. IU got the hang of it now?.
yea its so easy hahah. its a tiny bit messy though.
Yea. U need like a book under iy.
yea I just use a sheet of paper.
Man I was breaking up some dank I  my basement and my mom came to talk to me. She was talking and standing on the stairs and stopped was like "whats that smell." And before I answered she just kept on talking ... life flashed before my eyes..
Oh my god man.. Do you think she knows?. Lolz.
I really hope not.... Ahahh. What is that food?.
Would she have said something? When did this happen?. Mac n cheese.
Ahah. Like 15 minz ago.  I dont know if she would..
Fuckkk dude. Hide all dank, and cover dat stank.
Ahahagahaahhahha.
2 8. Oops sorry didn't mean to send that.
28 is right.
dude. holy shit.
Yea?.
just had the closest call EVERRRR. with a COP.
Ahahha.ahhhhhhh. Fuck.
Was out walking the dog / blezzin 420. When I see this guy walking his dog, coming towards me. I immediately put out the joint, and put my hand in my pocket. Anyways. he walks up to me, and says hi and our dogs start doing all that ass smelling that they do. Then he says "Oh Ive been here 9 years, I got this house the same year I joined the RCMP". I died on the inside, my heart froze.
What happened after that?.
we started talking about the RCMP for a bit, but then Oreo starting pulling on the leash, so I said "Anyways this guys gonna strangle himself if I dont start walking" and we both laughed and said it was nice to meet eachother.
Ahhaha holy fuck.  What were u at when u started talking.
that was the worst part. I was like at a 1, at first, but I kept getting higher and higher during the conversation. by the time he told me he was a cop, I was at like a 8, I packed a bunch of kief into this joint.
Ahahhahah. Do u think he smelt it?.
I'm not sure.... You gonna be able to come Saturday???.
yeeyey.
niceee.
Whats the plan?.
Cant have party. They come back earlyish (10) next day, so I dont want to have to deal with party clean up. That being said, Im probably having like 12 - 15 peeps over.
Solid! Who u inviting?.
You, Karim, Chris A, Chris M, Will, Liam, Cam, Kev, RDu, Alvin, Kev, Luc, Luke, Jlie (if he comes). oops already said kev hahaha. Jmer.
kevs coming twice!.
Hahahahaha. But yea, Just some broos. and some brews.
Sounds sick. and sum bud.
lotsa bud hahaha. Jason is having a couple friends over too. like literally 2.
hahah Dax and Peter?.
ye hahaha.
Ahah, maybe Peter will smoke... ahaha.
apparently he will. so will dax.
Ahaha, have both of them never?.
Dax tried the vape once, and went straight to bed saying he had a stomach ache hahaha.
ahahahh, Hope they dont end up like us in my basement.
They'll be surrounded by pros hahaha. We were all alone, except for your brother at the end.
ahahah, yea, no Zach Munn to call!.
Did we call him?.
U tried but he didnt pick up... ahha.
oh right hahaha. that was so crazy haha.
ahahha, what if we actually were within an inch of our life.
Dan, let me tell you a little story about two mice. Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse..
haahhaha. http://www.biography.com/imported/images/Biography/Images/Profiles/W/Christopher-Walken-9521854-1-402.jpg.
I was hoping youd pick up hahahahaha. I found out what was wrong with Loadout that one time we played. The game supports xbox controllers, and mine was plugged in and lying on the floor with the analogue stick being pushed ever so slightly forward.
Ahah, yeak you told me the other day1.
Oh hahah really? Well shit. I can almost afford a ps4 also. If I save until my next cheque, I can buy a ps4 and a couple games and still have enough left over to put at least 150 into my savings.
Nice nice, so when u gonna buy it?.
Idk if I will, I dont wanna blow so much cash in one place.
How much is it?.
399 plus tax.
Shit, thats a big chunk of cash.
yeeea.... Maybe Ill wait hahaha. Ive still gotta buy my Osheaga tickets h.
I didnt no u were going!.
Oh hahahah yea Im driving up with Chris and Liam!. We'll all be able to drink there.
Ahah, ballin, where u stayingÉ.
no idea yet, we havent discussed it, the tickets arent even on sale yet.
eyye, how much are theyÉ.
probably 300.
SHITTTT.
yeeeea expensive hahaha but thats for the full festival.
How long.
3 days? I think.
http://i.imgur.com/3qMfe.jpg.
Its Jason on his pc, hes working til 7. but I like the diagram. Im gonna try that tonight - Josh.
haaha, how was work??.
Easy, 3 hour shift hahaha. felt like an hour.
So is the party still happening this weekend. did u get work covered?.
Work is not covered, and the party isnt happening hahaha.
Shitty, its it cuz of work?.
mostly, also Jasons having friends over, and thats not a big deal, but its something more to worry about PLUS oreo.
yeye. Anything big happen @ school 2 day?.
Nothin outta the ordinary. I was talking with Emily Andrews in marketing, and I invited her to my party, but now Im not having it hahaha. Man, Emily is pretty sweet.. its just that one thing thats keeping me from making any kinda move.
the stash?.
ye hahahaha and I feel terrible saying that.
Haha ask her to shave it tmr.
lol there is literally no way to bring that up. in any situation.
Aahhahah.aDo an add for Gillette for marketing..
Then be like "I already shaved mine, we'll have to use yours".
Hahah.  Can you look past it?.
I was just thinking about that myself. Ill have to see hahaha Im not going to invest myself too much into it though. Although, she is coming over Friday.
For a project. Also no school that day prob. give her a rose that day. And say happy valentines day.
Hahahahaha could you imagine. Man that vape thing went horrible wrong.
Ahahha what happened? ??.
So I attempted the setup, but with a water bottle in place of the coke. But since the vape has to be held horizontally to work, I couldnt hold it like it was demonstrated in the photo. So instead I kind of had to hold the bottle at like a 44 degree angle. Anyway. I have an empty cup to drain the water into. But instead of actually poking a hole before hand, as Im not realizing I should have done, I just took my little pocket knife and stabed a hole into it, but it was more of a slit. so the water started pouring out everywhere. And I squeezed the bottle when I realized it was leaking, which forced air out of the bottle, and back up the stem of the MFLB. That caused a huge ploom of smoke and vapor to escape around the seals of the mflbs top, and made my room instantly really dank.
Ahhahahhaahahahhahahhahagaggaga lol.
I feel like I explained that story extremely well. hahahaha.
I could taste that one. On point. I saw mamma mac at value village 2 nite btw.
Hahahahaha did you talk?.
Just a hi bye. Lol.
Then you both winked and flashed the universally understood "Kush Symbol".
What is the universal kush sysmbol????.
there is none I was jk haha.
Nvm found it http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-BzpdfvKruuk/UmvTp98igvI/AAAAAAAAAa0/JxQKRDfY5V0/s1600/F%C3%9CHRER.jpg.
hahahahha. got work offff. Saturday and sundayyyy. not sure when my parents leave doe.
Lol, when u done work?.
I got work off. both days.
Oh fuck. How?.
told her I sprained my ankle hahahaha.
AHAAHAH, dont you need a doctors note??.
She asked, and I said I straight up didnt get one hahahaha. I told her my mom was the one who waited with me in the hospital, and I could get a note from her lol.
Ahaha, so ur parents are dont know when they are leaving? who is going tmr?.
Just the guys.
What guys tho?.
The Dudes. McGinn / McIntosh cant come. Havent heard back from Luc yet. so just the dudes so far!.
What about Luke?.
Oh I forgot about Luke, but he usually sticks with Will n Chris anyways.
Ya eya. Sounds good. So are all the dudes going or what?.
I think the majority.
Sweet, should be a good time. a classic dudes sleepover! ahah.
I think its gonna be more of a sesh then a drinking thang.
I Figured. Sounds good.
gonna order some pizza though hahahah thatll be fun.
ahahahjahahahah, I love the process of ordering pizza.
I know hahahah its actually pretty fun.
Is jason still havin his boys over?.
yupp hahaha.
new rick and morty is up.
Perfect hahaha. no its not. lol. or if it is, I cant find it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBbVZOo2zp0. Fuck nvm.
nerd. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZMaheZ_Iy0. Im going to watch this as soon as it comes out hahaha.
annanananana, that is literally insane!.
Thanks for reminding me of my breakup!. Hahahahaha "annaannaann". I read it as "Annaannaanna.
Thats what u called her..
Thats probably why she broke up with me. id repeat her name 8 times every time I saw her.
Then wash ur hands three times, and then check the locks 9 times.
Hahaha but isnt that video fucked?! It looks so good though.
HAha yea it really does. that american guy seems fucked.
That tattoo artist must have hated his life at that moment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5IHF7fl3KU#t=117.
Hahahaha I couldnt watch it, got 1 min in and was like "Its not nearly THAT bad".
When he posted it he was like. "I might get in trouble for this...:P".
Nobody's gonna care hahaha.
yea. thats what i thought....
Jason McIntyre quote of the year: "Oh no! Ive had my chocolate covered hand down my pants.. Ive got a chocolate covered dick!" *Runs out of room*.
ahahahaha, if u werent high then this is weird as fuck.
We were high lotz. Lolz.
High lots.
dan.
YEYe.
Need your help real quick. whats the name of that app, that lets you take audio samples of yourself, and it keeps on layering the audio samples on top of itself letting you make a kind of "beatbox" effect? Do you know what Im talking about?.
um there iss looper.
thank you hahaha. Thats the one.
NP!.
Danny boi.
Yoyo.
nvm hahahah I was gonna ask a history question, but I figured it out!.
Ahhaha. Okay!.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRRsXxE1KVY.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
JOHN! CENAAAAAAA!!!!. Found your cardigan under my bed hahaha.
Its rachel's. I ain't no gay! Still want me to film tmr???.
yes sirr. Man, last night I woke up, and went upstairs in my boxers to get a drink of milk. I looked around and was like "Where did all this mess come from?!" then I remembered everything that happened, and that you and Rachel were right down the hall hahaha.
Ahahhahaah. So cass last night.  Were u surprised? ??.
Nah, I wasnt surprised. I'm the fucking man.. Hahahaha tbh, I was kinda expecting something to happen. and Im glad it did!.
Did ur parents suspect anything when they came home?.
Well my mom knew before hand. Hal didn't suspect anything tho.
Noice. Man what did u think of pauls cockblock ln?.
I think that I went down stairs right after and made out with Cassidy again hahaha so Idc, I can barely remember what he said. Something about fisting?.
Ahhahs. Oh I didn't hear that. He just made is very apparent that you guys had been making out..
Oh then idk lol. I don't know why Chris would bring him.
Ahha. They had been hanging out earlier.  But fo u dislike him?.
Its not that I dont like him, its just he doesnt do anything to make me enjoy him hahaha.
Ahhaha. Like liam connors.....
Pretty much hahaha, the thing is Chris was originally gonna get drunk and blaze then stay the night, but instead he had paul over, which meant he couldnt do any of those things.
Shit. .. man that would have been sweeet if Chris stayed... shit....
Yeaa I dont get it hahaha.
Maybe he fwlt obligated to hang with paul??.
Maybe! hahaha idk, I think it woulda been better if he stayed!.
Yea. I wonder if his parents said he couldn't stay cuz it was ur place..
I was thinking the same thing. I dont know why they dont like me so much. Like, even if they know I smoke, I dont think Ive ever done anything that would make them thing Im a bad guy. think*. So its like 100% that.
Yea. Its a really strange reaction... both sets of chris's parents seem kinda fucked to me though..
Yea I dont really enjoy going to either of his houses because of them. I just never feel welcomed hahaha, theres always a vibe of "we dont trust you". Im just glad Evan didnt show up with her friends hahaha.
Hahaha. She was at Dooleys apparently.... hahahsh. Yeah. But that would have been really weird. ...
Yea apparently hahaha that message was just awkward.
Hahah yea it really was... I wonder why she didn't come?.
She was more interested in getting super drunk.
Ahga. How drunk were u last night..
Pretty drunk hahaha I had that pint finished pretty quick.
Yea. I noticed. Not many ppl drank..
which was disappointing hahaha.
Yea. So when are we filming tmr?.
after school?.
Like right after school?.
probably yeaa, I can drive us.
Sick. So whos going?.
You, me, Liam, Emily, Liz probably, and I think that's it.
Kk sweet.
that pic blew up hahaha.
How was 420..
It was alright hahaha I bought too much weed though. I spent $100. hahaha.
Ahhahahahahahga. Did u go to cams?.
Yupp. I still have almost all the weed i bought hahahah. It fills 2 jars. I had 2 brownies at Cams.
Did u buy brownies frim liam??.
I had 1 of his, but I just traded weed for it. same with Josh Mers. he made a batch too.
Have u ate it yet?.
yea I ate both of them at the same time hahaha.
Hahahahah how did u do?.
I have too much of a tolerance I guess hahahah I wasnt THAT baked.
Did u smoke 2?.
yuppp. I think that was the problem. I was smoking the whole time hahah. so I couldnt really feel the transition.
ARe u  going 2 liams 2nite?.
party?.
eya.
like a legit one?.
Thats what rachel is sayin.
He never said a word about it hahaha, well yea if he has one I'll be there!.
haahaha Alright. Apparently liam has not told ppl yet..
Is your brother buying u drinks?.
Um, apperently its like a smoking thing... so no, but if ppl are gonna drink then ye.
ooh its a sesh kinda deal. Then Im already set. I just ate 3 brownies... about 30 minutes ago. so basically, t-minus 15 minutes until I lose my mind. its a huge party!.
ahahah, shite. man? what? really?.
yea hahaha. 68 people.
ahah says who?. apperently it is a drinking thing.....
If we drink, is there any way I could go back to your place? I wouldnt be able to take my car.
Id have to see if my bro would be up for picking us up... but ye. sure.
If he did that would be perfect <3.
do u want to drink?.
u kno it.
kk, I can probs get ma bro to 2 pick up a pint of cpt morgans 4 u.. Just bring the $$ 2 the party. Man u lost ur phone.
Yea.... Fuck. Dan!.
Man. Whats ur house phone num.
455 6103.
u find ur fone?.
Nope....
shit.... do u think it is stolen?.
I don't think so, it hasn't been turned on since that day.
oh. so u can track it now.
I can only tell when it was last on, nothing else hahaha.
How was kerri's after party.
I honestly dont remember hahaha, I got there, and ended up hooking up with Kelsie almost instantly. I dont remember how that happened either.. hahahaha.
lol. what u guys do?. bang?.
nah. she blew me in keris basement, then in her room.
ahahah not bad. did u see her tits?.
I did I did.
yay or nay?.
Not bad at all haha.
Was it a one and done thing?.
oh yea. I dont even know how it happened! I was actually so out of it.
ahahah, have u talked 2 her since>?.
Havent even seen her since I fell asleep that night. I woke up and she had already left. We didnt sleep together though, I was on a sofa and she got a bed.
Do you regret.
Nah hahaha a BJ is a BJ. I don't wanna make anything of it, but it was fine :p. I fucking wrecked Keri's sheets though, huge jizz stain. Don't know if she noticed...
Ahahahha. She didn't swallow..
Nope, I tried to aim for her tits but ended up getting it on her face / the sheets. Then I got up, got my pants on and passed out on a couch downstairs hahaha. Thank god I remembered the pants. Lol.
Hahahahah.did u eat her out.
I did not, just fingered.
can i get a drive to liz's house 2 nite?.
My car tire popped.. I may be without vehicle. If I can, I 100% will. I just don't know yet.
ight. it is still on 4 2 ntie?.
Yuppp. How are you getting drank?.
are u gonna make an inbox?.
Yea after I talk to Liz.
sickk.
So how are you getting your drinks???.
idk. my bro is gone so i have no idea....
That's true.. I'm also on the hunt for liquor hahaha.
i may just smoke.
You can never go wrong with a lil MJ. Hes asking me if Im doing anything tonight hahaha.
ahhhaha, waht are u gonna say?.
I said I popped a tire, and that I wasnt sure lol.
haha how did u pop the tire.
idk, it was just flat this morning, Hal is leaving now with CAA to fix it.
sic. who is going 2 nite?.
Im gonna invite everybody who was at Liams. Im basically gonna copy the invite list hahaha.
lol. is  chris goin?.
Yup.
shite where is this place anyway?.
120 merrithew avenue.
sick its right on the river.
aw yea hahaha. The deed has been done, its out of my hands now haha.
Ahhahaha. When it start.
did you get the message?.
Oh it says kkk.
sup.
heey.
Still need that ride?.
idk if imma go.
:o. How come?.
idk. I dont wanna stay the night there. and i dont have a drive back.
Oh, isn't Rachel going?.
im with her rn. So if i goo then she will 2.
Go! Go!.
hahaah, I need a drive back tho.. sec. ill see if i can get one. I dont think I can get one.
I think Tanya is DDing.
yea, but no room in her carr..
Ahhh...hmm.
yea. iddk. i think ill dd my self.. lol.
So no smoking?.
so i wont drink. and ill bring rach. naw.
Well at least you can show up hahaha is Rachel drinking?.
yaya i think so. !. Hey man rachel and I are sick. So were not going. Well swing by at like 1130 tho cus we are picking up Cass to drive her home.
Hooked up with Emily.
Noiceeeer. What u do with her?.
We were gonna have sex.
Ou why not.
but I was too drunk man.
Ahhahah.
Again had another 2 hour bj, hj, makeout sesh. I think I was in for a little bit. but not very long hahaha, Im gonna try to have her over tmmrw though when my parents leave.
Aha in Wwhat?.
like, my dick was in. hahahaha.
Lol. So how did it all happen?.
I straight up just asked her if we could split a bed, she said said yes. hahahah. She was like, sober.
So thats what got the ball rolling?.
I guess hahaha I didnt talk with her a whole lot until everybody cleared out. originally I was gonna go to another party, but decided just to stay at Lizs.
Was the house fucked the nxt morning?.
nah. the floors were a little dirty hahaha thats all.
So you think u and Emily are ggonna work out?.
oh I doubt were gonna make anything out of this.. might hook up a bit idk hahaha we slept together afterwards and she kept my arm around her and was like holding it, so idk if that means anything hahaha.
Do u think that she has been with another guy before?.
She hasnt, she said hahaha. I was surprised man, we were making out and I was kind feeling her up and then she was like "If were gonna go all the way, you need a condom". caught me off guard, in the best way possible haha.
Ahahah did u have one?.
I did. She couldnt put it in, and it was taking so long that it was kinda hard to stay hard.
Sarah Andrew 2.0 ahh.
Thats what I was thinking hahah. except this one wont haunt me to my grave.
Ahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahha. So the rents leave tmr?.
They do, tomorrow afternoon. Also, Wyatt Sewell is having a couple people over tonight for a lil puff puff if u know what Im saying ;) ;) ;).
Ahahahah. Are you dankrupt?.
Nah we have a bit, but its getting there. Parents are leaving money, but Im not gonna use it for mj.
Why not?.
I'd feel bad hahaha.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pvFVPBsOdc.
hahahaha thats hilarious. "when I woke up my legs hurt like hell... does that ever happen to you when you smoke weed?" lol. Also, you going to Aiden's party tonight?.
Which aiden?.
keighley lol.
Ahahah. Prob not.  Are you?.
i might stop by, not gonna drink though.
Man how did the emily thing go???.
ill have to tell you in person hahaha, it was a mixed bag.
Mixed bag??? Hahaha.
it went really well, and no so well at the same time hahaha.
Man.... what does that mean?!.
Wait and seEeEeE.
Ahhaha.  "See" did she give you a black eye.
hahahaha no. Hey Dan, what program did we use to edit the PSA??. elements?.
Yeye!.
kk ty! hahaha.
Np np. Are u ringing my fone.
ye hahahah I wanted to show liam.... ill let you be now.
Lol kk.
Are you sure its elements? How do I import my video files to it?.
Adobe premiere. Sgit.
riiiigh. t*. hahaha. Dude, need your expert opinion.
What up?.
Kk, this girl from Leo messaged me on fb, said she saw me on Tinder. And I was like oh cool hahah, and we started talking, but I cant decide if she's good looking or not lol.
Link!.
Amy Vanessa Bryan-Pollard, I can't link on phone!.
I dont think so.  And she looks really young..
Yea I was kinda on the fence... She's apparently graduating this year, she has a lot of photos from when she was younger on fb too. Or maybe they're recent? Fuck I just assumed they were old photos lol.
Ahahah. Idk. How is her personality? ??.
Cool, but I like most people hahaha.
Agay yea. Thats true.. haga. What would you do with her?.
Idk just hang, I wouldn't like go over and fuck her hahah.
Ahhahaj. I think you have better prospects....
That's true, especially at grad party.
Yea. I would just not. Then grad night kill dat buutt.
I'll see if I can get piczz. Oh she also just moved here from Newfoundland hahaha.
Man what are ur plans for tmr night???.
I'm going to that pit party!.
Are u sleeping in ur car?.
Yup! I think Luke has a big tent if you need a place to sleep.
Which luke??.
McCully. You missed a call from Josh..
Kk. Sick.can u ask him if I can stay in it?.
You're good.
Okay sick!. Do u have a full car on the way home???.
Yeah unfortunately, same guys.
Kk. Ill try 2 get one frm dejon. What are u drinking tonight?.
Idkkkk I need someone to buy me beer.. Bryn Davis stole mine.
Ahahha. What about sim?.
No dice she gave me money that's it.
My brother could do it..
Really??? When do you think he could? I'm home for a little while, then we're going to go set up the tent. When could I give you the dollar bills?.
U could come over today and drop off the cash and ill get chris to pick it up tonight.
Kk I'll be over pretty soon if that's cool?.
Sounds good.  Ill be In the basement.
Folks home? I can come right down?.
Dad is but he dont care.  Come right on in.
Kkk see you soonish! We're just packing up the Ford for tonight.
Ight. Oh is chris going 2night?.
I'm pretty sure!.
Sweet!.
Anybody who's anybody is going to be there. I hope tons of the grad class goes.
Yeah. That will be sickkk.
Dude.
can you send me the pic of the dudes?.
.
thx.
No problemo. May make that my cover photo.
haha, I am goona do an edit for the dudescover.
Nice that's a good idea.
Hey what happened with rachel moc ln???.
dude, half way through I was like, what am I doing? and bailed hahaha. we kissed and I got some tit. then I bounced. I just got back from the Leo Grad Party.
How was that? ?. .
Pretty fun, but I didn't know anybody there lol.
Who did you go with? ??.
Just Liam.
U drink?.
Nope, just smoke a bit.
Was it a pit party? ?.
Yeah hahaha, we brought a bunch of glow Sticks.
Hahahha. Any action.
Wasn't there long enough. I was there like an hour.
Man me and rachel broke up..
Actually? How come?.
It was kinda a mutual thing.  But it was like we fought too much. So I thought it would be better if we did  hate each other in the end. So it ended as friends..
So you ended things?. Well at least it's on good terms. Plus, you were sort of thinking about this for a lil while right?.
Ya. Thats the thing.  It is weird to be single again.  Like it hasn't set in..
Well you don't have anybody in mind right now do you?.
Haha. No. Ill need some recovery time I think. But well seee..
Plus with you going away soon! Well parties will be more interesting now hahaha.
Abagahaha. Yea. True that. Ahah.  When are u picking up btw?.
Hopefully ASAP, none of the guys have said anything yet, I'll message them now.
Kk sick. Cuz im runnin loww.
Wanna come over tomorrow? I've got a g or two, really good stuff too, I got a new guy.
A new guy? Yea sure.  When you want to hang?.
He goes to UNB, Cameron introduced me, he lives right down the road from Sam lol, my dad may need my help around the house tomorrow afternoon, but you wanna come over like after supper and spend the night?.
Sounds good.
Kk man I'll see ya tomorrow!.
Yeye see ya.
Hey, how much do u wanna pick up?.
Hey man the call ended. But I heard every thing..
okay perfect hahaha I thought so.
Is the shit im buy are we smoking it all. Cuz I kinda want a g 2 bring back..
You can take your 2 g hahaha. Plan has just changed a bit though. were gonna go to Wyatts at 7:30ish. they're all smoking. were gonna sesh with them, then they're leaving to see the movie, we just chill at his house and sesh more when they get back.
Alright sounds good..
he's got a ps4 and the new CoD. just like old times.
So ill go 2 ur place and well go 2 gether?. Ahahhahaha yeaaa.
sure!.
Sweet. Ill show up at like 7???.
Yup, thatd be good!.
Whose going 2 night..
Just me, Wyatt, Chris, Luke, Maybe Will, and Tom!.
Sickkk.
Just a couple a boys with a couple a nugzzz.
Couple huggzz and a lil drugs.
hahahahah. so are you driving yourself. ?.
My bro will drive me out.
Kk perfect. Danny.
Yo. I have ur ipad.
Kkk.
When u want it?.
No rush.
Kk. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10204382135976215&set=ms.10204382135976215.10204382135856212.10204382138096268.10204382138696283.10204382140576330.10204382141216346.10204382142376375.10204382142896388.10204382143816411.bps.a.10204382134176170.1073741837.1314851603&type=1&theater One of these things are not like the other....
He's either gay or a genius.
I meant Ashley..
Oh god I didn't even see her, why would he have Ashley of all people.
What are you doing tmr?.
Idk man! Cassidy AND Dejon are having people over.
Cass alllen?.
ye.
Is it an inbox?.
Yea, fuck didnt know you werent in it!.
Probably has to do with tashes. Where u there for the great cry..
I was not, but I heard a little about it, what happened?.
She was drunk and was mean then cried really loud and it was awkward.  But I fixed it. Ahahah.. Who told u about it.
Alex Jamal I think?.
Oh ahaha. Yeah. So which one do u plan on attending?.
Well I kinda wanna go to both.
Ahah. How big is cass's lookin..
like 10 people or so.
Oh shit. So its smaller than dejons..
Well see Im not sure, it would be the same size, but some people have said they are going to both.
Uh oh. Ahaha. I was chatting rachel and she said they are leaving cassidys for downtown at like 7..
Yea, Im heading downtown around then too. Isnt Dejon?.
I didnt think so, did she say that???.
.
How the interview go?.
So short lol.
Ahah. Really?.
Yea she was pretty busy when I went in, we just talked briefly about hours I could potentially work.
Do u think ull get the job??.
She said that theyre having a formal interview day for a few potential employees in the next week or so, and that I'll definitely get called back. Got the job,. !!.
Ahahahhah!! Nice dude! Thats sick! ..
Full time ;(. I already have 5 shifts lol. Just next week alone. Making $$$.
Ahahhaah. Working man! Do u know who ur working with?.
No idea yet, but I went through the BK drive thru today and Rebecca Halferty was working the window.
Ahahahahah shit.
She took forever, I've never waited so long in a drive thru.
Man ur fucked.
There were only 3 cars. I'm working at the Quiznos though. And the gas station.
Sub boy! Hahah. It wil be funny to compare quiznos to subway..
I knew theyd probably end up putting me at Quiznos hahaha hopefully I can use my subway skills to soar to the top.
Ahhaha I have ur phone charger btw!.
I thought I lost it hahaha.
Ahhaaha. I got chu boy.
bbg <3.
. U know this guy>.
Holy shit, kinda Yea hahaha.
SHite,,, ahahha. Man was there a party last night, or was that a punked?.
There were a few! I didn't go through, I'm a working man haha. I worked 12 hours today. 9 to 9.
fuck man, you must be making bank tho.
Just over a week, already have 76 hours.
Holy fuck. How do u like the job?/.
It'd not bad, even today went by decently, but the owner is a huge dick.
ahhah how/.?.
Let's hang soon, I'll tell you in person, it'll be way better hahaha.
ahah, kk. When ever u are free man. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzIZPYayKEg. Logan Sili.
Hang tmw?.
Sure thing. What time?.
Im thinking meet up with Liam, maybe Luc, and some other guys in some park and play frisbee/ aerobie ??. like...late afternoon, I wanna sleep in. 3 maybe?.
Sure!. I wanna pic up some blueberry juicy jay papers.
We could go to things.
Sweeer. Sweet.
http://www.mcgilldaily.com/2012/09/mk-ultraviolence/.
Oh fuck.
Dun Dun Duuuuun.
Holy fuck mr. Nobody was sooo good!!!.
Right?!. Im glad you watched it hahaha.
I need to rewatch it high i think\.
I was high the first time I watched it. And it was just as great as you'd think.
Hey dawg.  Hows work?.
Just got off. Not bad, but I pulled a huge muscle in my back lol.
Ahahah. At quiznos?.
Yeah, well Irving, lifting a slushie machine.
Ahahah. Are you you still working lots of hours?.
40 to 50 hours a week,  12 and a  half hour shift tomorrow... 9 to 9 30.
Fuck man. Do u have time off soon cuz I was thinking we should do a dudes thing.
Day after tomorrow! I'm also trying to get the 26th off so I can see Billy Talent.
Oh yeah? Where are they playing?.
Fred rock I think it's called? Not sure where it will be exactly though.
oh shit yeah that thing. do u think you think you are gonna be working everyday between the now and the 22, thats when we and jliu leave.
I'll definitely have a few days off to hang. I'll let you know. I have tomorrow off.
dope lets hang after dinner.
Sounds good buddy. sup.
nm. What u wanna do? I could come ova. orr....
Spend the night here?. My rents are leaving super soon for an auction.
I have a meeting tomorrow morning. So I cant stay the night. Ill drive in 30 minz, just need to finish up some work.
That works hahaha sounds good buddy. Let me know when you're otw.
kk. Imma be late. Still workin.
thats cool. u gonna puff any 2nite?.
Ahah naw. Im on a diet. Omw.
dan, whats that show you showed me?.
Nathan for you!  Eat up!.
Jason hung your drawing. he liked it alot. lol.
Ahaha im a proud man!. The likes on that comment..
I know holy fuck hahaha. Then Will Darling, saying the exact same thing lol.
ahahah. Early bird gets the worm he had one like...
More than he deserved.
aint that the truth.
I cant see BIlly Talent :/.
y not. is it an age thingÉ.
work. thats the day of our grand opening.
oh man thats shitty. You have a shit luck for seeing music this year..
Yeah seriously hahaha.
U free thurs night?.
yessir.
Dudes thing.. But idk where.. LIams cottage. ?.
idk if I could do that. I work the next morning.
poker?.
yess hahaha.
I will be amazed if it works out.
44 likes on that comment lol.
AhAhAHA, Man killing it..
no ice bucket challenge I see.
Ahaha. Not yet. I think ill just donate..
hey man, hows school?.
Its sweet! lots of weed $. The Ppl are cool. Classes look pretty fucking tuff.  How are things there? Did u do frosh week?.
I did! It was awesome. Already met a girl from Ontario ;).
Ahaha. Define met?.
Been on a few dates, lots of 󾠣ing.
Ha ha ha.  Whats her name?.
Courtney Burk (he said, days later) lol.
Ahaha. Is today ur first day of classes?. You killed it on liams prof pic..
Hahaha thanks man, I made it in class lol. dude.
Yo.
Went exploring in an old run down house with Courtney, found some cool shit I thought u may appreciate, sending pics now. . . . . . . . Its that old school house.
Holy shit.
Right hahaha.
That is fucked.. Holy fuck.
those are 2 different mags. one was in the cellar. one on the top floor.
Ahahah.  Man imagine the ppl living there.. Was it fucked in there?.
I know, it was super sketchy. yeah man. rat shit everywhere. and lots of knives. make shift beds.
Ahaha. Do ppl squat in it now?.
I mean, nobody was there when we went, but it definitely looked like someone was there recently.
Ahhh fuck man... weird.is courtney the girl u were hooking up with a the beginning of the year?.
Not hooking up, but hanging out alot. Shes amazing hahaha trying really hard not to mess things up. How are the girls @ McGill?. Also Im in a lecture right now hahaha.
Ahhah. I love how much I can dick around in lectures. Mcgill girls are good. There are like 15 perfect 10s in my building....
Still hitting the gym?. Man business is so easy.
Not a day yet.
every project Im getting either 100 or 95. and theyre worth like 20%.
Fuck man thats sick..
Im showing my class how to photoshop next week as part of a presentation. im just gonna do a faceswap hahaha blow their fucking minds.
Whats the party scene like?.
Its okay, really havent been out to many. I work weekends now. Im also going to the gym alot hahaha. There have been a few good campus parties. but other than that, its harder to find parties, just because in HS there were fb groups for them hahaha. now you just have to kinda find one yourself, and even then, you may not know the host.
Oh shit yeah how quiznos?.
Easy as shit, management is annoying, but the people I work with are sick. gtg seminar is over hahaha. ttyl buddy!.
Haha yeah dude peace..
Man u coming back for the holidays?.
Naw, Im going down to the states to visit family..
Aw man, I forgot you do that every thanks giving.
Yeah. I am looking forward to come for Christmas. I think it will be a good time cuz rich will prob throw a party.
or am I just making that up? DO you do that every thanksgiving?.
I do. hahaha.
I wasnt sure hahaha. man, I jacked your hat. That sweet Arts one. I hope thats okay hahaha.
Ahahah oh yeah. Its my bros ahaha..
chirs?.
Yeah,.
think hed give a shit?.
haahaha not at all i found that hat under his bed. its urs..
I love it so much lol. look at all my recent pics, Im wearing it in almost all of them.
hahaha. Whats been happening. any crazy shit.
Not a whole lot man ummmmm. I went back to that haunted house with a cooworker and seshed in it.
Oh shit! day or night?.
Rainy overcast day.
Shit. Was it a good sesh?.
Ye hahaha my cooworker is a gr 12 ESA chick. So it was different lol.
Whats her name?.
Hannah Toner.
Whats her deal?.
Cool girl, smokes alot, not interested though hahaha. maybe if I wasnt already kinda with that other girl.
Yeah, man what the deal with Courtney, u said the other day that she is the "perfect girl"..
Shes rad, but shes also complicated hahaha a tough nut to crack. Its hard to explain, and honestly I barely understand the situation myself hahaha I dont know what it is but I think it's worth sticking around for.
Are u guys doing shit or just hanging out.
Shit every now and then but its not like every time we hang out.
Strange. Have u asked her about it?.
oh yeah weve talked about it, she doesnt wanna really call it anything but she does like me, its kinda more because she just moved here.
Hmm. makes sense.How often do u hang out?.
2 or 3 times a week probably?. Its very casual. hahahaha I dont know what the hell is going on tbh.
Thats a weird situation to be in. Is it reminiscent of anna at all? Like that vibe.
not at all. thats the thing. when we DO hang, its wicked hahaha. its more of the inbetween thats the weird part. if that makes sense lol.
yeah totally. Does she smoke?.
yes, but not too too often. like maybe once every couple weeks.
Hmm. coool. Have u done the deed with her yet?.
nah havent smoked yet, shes very against smoking and driving. so its hard to find a good time.
Hahah, i meant had sex ahahah. or is it just like make out and shit.
Make out and shit, the universe does not want me to get laid.
ahahah. You always pick the good girls..
Im a good guy hahaha.
ahaha, its the one fatal flaw in ur game..
My hubris.
Are tanya and liam still dating?.
Yup!!.
wowo thats a long time..
pretty much a year!.
Oh shit is jason still dating that girl?.
naw hahaha.
FUCK. hahaha. So how do u like university life?. Mannn.. Jaymes Craft is engaged....
Damn man... I missed my chance. When you back in Freddy big dog?.
Haha. Back on Friday  morrn..
Well try and get all the dudes together. I can tell you the story of how I lost my v card. ;) ;).
Yooooo.
Yoooooo.
Who u lose it to?.
Random girl at Chris' University hahaha. We drove down to visit him one weekend, Liam and I.
Shitt hahhahaha nice. I assumed it would be with that courtney  girl..
Nah man, we're done.. But guess who I had over to my place last night. AND it also is starting to look like this person and I could potentially have a relationship in the not to distant future. Too*.
Whoo?.
Jaclyn.
Mannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.
Righttt?.
Ahaha. Any shit  go down last night..
Well I wanted to play it cool, considering our history, so I didn't make any real moves, then after I dropped her off at her house I got a text pretty much saying "you should have kissed me", and we're planning on hanging out again pretty soon sooo.... Let's see where this goes!.
Shit man. Old flame rekindled. How did the first hang out come about..
She messaged me out of the blue one night haha didn't expect it at all.
Thats really weird. What ended up happening with u and courtney?.
Friend zoned. .
Shitty.. did u guys stay friends on did it fizzle out..
Shes really sticking to her guns and we hang out pretty much every week, but Im trying to slowly put an end to that hahaha.
Ahaha. I hear that. It must be kinda  awkward  now.. . Lul.
. Down for a tag team bro?.
Thought you'd  never ask. Me u and Hendricks..
Nah not really, but she's like... TOO friendly now.. When we watch movies she lays her head on my shoulders. And idk it just feels weird. I don't think she thinks its weird, but for me when she does shit like that it's just a reminder saying "hey you're friend zoned".
Wait u friend zoned her?.
No no, she friend zoned ME! but she still does stuff like that. Which is confusing as fuck lol.
Its like she is teasing  you. Thats a crazy girl move..
Yeah.. But she's going back to Ontario in a couple days, and she'll be there for a while, so hopefully that'll be enough time for me to slowly start limiting contact.
Ahahah.  Did u have classes with her?.
Nah she's in RC. I met her the first day of orientation.
Oh rc... shit. Wait why are all the rc girls on tinder?.
Hahaha literally though.
Man i wonder if its for some weird project..
Hahaha yeah they do have some pretty strange projects. Danny Ive gotta you over sometime man, you're back now correct?. have*. haha.
Yeee.
I work tomorrow, but maybe monday if you're free? Stay for the night?.
Sounds good!.
I forget, do you have an MFLB?.
Yea dude..
We can get some double MFLB action going on over here hahaha.
Yeaaa. How is your  MFLB holding up?.
Broke the stem in half, so now it looks like a baby mflb. . . But it still does the trick.
Ahahha. Man i broke my stem tooo... im bumbed. I wanna buy a new one.
I'm going to buy Jason a Xmas present from things, probably Monday, wanna come? You'd definitely be able to buy stems.
Sick! what are u getting jason?.
Probably a smell proof case / jar of some kind.
Cool. Does he have an MFLB yet?.
He's buying an older one from his friend. And his other friend bought him a 75 dollar pipe in Africa that he's bringing back haha.
Shit. Do u think Jason is considered the stoner of his grade?.
Nah I don't think so, he's pretty smart with it. Plus he's doing well in school. I think he's more of a drama kid.
Ahaha. U vaping rn?.
Yessir, and watching a little Netflix. Also looking for a good game to buy. Man, I'm pretty sure I'm getting a ps4 for Xmas. With GTA V.
Thats sick. What makes you  think  thats what ur getting?.
My mom called and pretty much asked "if you were getting a new system, what game would you want?".
Haha. Smooth.. Man look at the vid alicia colter posted is strange. Im on minute  6 its sooo bad....
Hahahaha damn.
Hey man wanna go to liams cottage tmr?. Or do u work tthe nxt day?.
I was gonna message you about that actually! You should totally go, but Jaclyn messaged me and asked if we could hang out tomorrow afternoon / night... So I think I'm going to pass on the cottage, I need to see where this goes hahaha. We could still go downtown tomorrow though if you're down? She's not going to be free until like 3 anyway!.
Yea im down!.
Okay awesome man! Im driving my dad in to Edible arrangement at 10, want me to pick you up after, or is that too early?.
If ur already in town im good with that..
Nice, Ill text ya when im on the way.
Wait shit, i have plans for tmr morn..
No worries dude hahaha. Ill check and see if they have stems for you tomorrow.
Thx dude. And good luck w/ jacklynn!.
Mannn.
Yea, how it go?.
So good.
What happened??.
Like, its gonna be a relationship hahaha. We started watching a movie, and then just started making out for a few hours hahaha. also, bewbz.
Shit!! Thats sick. Did u try for more?.
I did, and she said we have hung out a few times since I got back and she wants to wait, and I understand that. and then we talked about what this would be, and we both pretty much came to the conclusion we wanted to date hahaha.
Shit man. This is crazy. Seems so out of left field!  So is it official?.
no no, not yet, were going to go out on some dates first. taking her to the movies xmas eve.
Oh yeah. What movie??.
The Hobbit lol.
Ahha. So can you see this  amounting  to something long term?.
I hope so, yeah hahah we both seemed really excited by it. just the fact that this was all happening again. but this time Im here for good.
Yeah man. After all these years looks like you are going to end up with her afterall..
How funny is that?. . She also made me these dope game of Thrones snowflakes.
Those are soo fucking sick!!.
Right?!.
she def seems like a better gf than annaaa!.
Oh mannn SO much better, she also loves anime which is a huge plus hahaha. she doesnt like my smoking habits very much. but she said she wasnt going to ask me to stop, just that I be smart with it. This all just seems too good. Im waiting for something to happen.
haha yeah it does almost seem to good to be true... maybe she did alot of thinking  in first semester  about her life and decided  to try again..
Apparently she thought about me alot over the years. I thought about her quite a bit too.. but ahhhh idk!!! I hope this works out. you going to the cottage tomorrow?.
Yea dude are u?.
I believe so yes!!.
Sweet. How is everyone getting up there?.
Im going to see if I can get a ride with Liam in his van.
Im skiing too tmr so maybe richard is gonna drive up all the ppl skiing tmr.  Seems like most of the dudes are going. Should i bring some ganja?.
I would say most definitely hahaha I know I will. Have you been to Liams cottage?.
Dope.  And yeah once or twice! Its sick. Have u?.
Yea same only a few times, but im pumped hahaha. man christmas is SO soon. Whatd you ask for?.
Just little shit. Like blue tooth speaker. Mini computer. And clothes. I couldnt think of what to ask for this  year..
Me either dude. I asked for a new bed hahaha. Also that ps4. what kind of mini comoputer?. like a netbook?.
What  a strange  combination  of gifts bed and ps4. And naw its call a raspberry  pi computer. You can program it to make emulators on tv and just do a bunch of little things. It was cheap so i thought i would  check it out.
Oh yeah I know about those, theyre pretty sick!. Where can you buy them / for how much?.
You get them from a wierd  distributor  and they are like $45..
Not bad at all hahaha. anyways im gonna watch some netflix and fall asleep, ill cya tomorrow dude!.
Yeah peace!.
So Dan, are you driving in with Richard today to Liams? I ask Because if you are I have a spot in Liams car, if not I need to do some searching.
Yo.. Is cam having that party..
They're thinking about it, I'll try and find out.
Yo happy belated birthday boyyy.
Thanks dude! Your big day is right around the corner too!!.
Ahah yeah. I have u bought liquor legally  yet?.
I bought liquor right after my morning class hahaha. That was for Chris McGinn. Then I later bought MORE rum for myself. And Jaclyn!. Oh dudeeee!!!!. I'm DATING Jaclyn now!. Bf Gf, the whole shebang. She stayed at my house last night. And we shared a pint lol.
Fuck man!! Thats sick! After all these years things are looking  up for ol jmac! Hahah. When did it become bf gf?.
2 weeks ago? Somewhere around there!.
Nice. How does she feel about u and the devils lettuce??.
She just doesn't want me driving high, which is understandable. .
ahahah thx dog.
Do anything wild?. Buy a loto ticket?.
ahahha. Age for lotto here is 18. Murder is legal at 19 here tho. So i killed jliu.
Mercy killing. hahaha fuck I forgot, you could already drink.
Yeah.  But  it will be good  for when im home.
Hal is not a fan of me drinking. not one bit. he said he was disappointed in me when I brought a pint of rum home.
Ahahaha fuck man. Does he not drink at all?.
Wine at weddings, that's IT.
Ahaha. So weird. How does sim feel bout it?.
She's been cool with it for a long time lol.
Lol. Oh yeah. Why  does hal care?.
Old skewl I guess hahaha I mean I told him I'm gonna be drinking so it's not having too much of an impact on me. Dude. You up?.
yeaah.
Mannnn I need someone to talk to right now, I am in a weird spot.
whats up?.
Okay... I was talking with Jaclyn today, and things have been going really well... But she brought up something very off-putting... She wants me to get an STI test......
ahahahahahhahahahahahahha. MAN.
Like, how the fuck do I respond to that?! I told her I wouldn't. And now she's super upset.
That is such a strange request.
Right?! She says she doesn't know the history of the girls I've been with. And she won't feel comfortable until I get one.
With ur luck ull take the test and find out u have aids..... but thats unreal. like who have u been with that is 'dirty'. like sarah andrew. also like, u would know if u had an STI.
Yeah I dipped the head of my condom wrapped dick into her for 2 seconds hahaba. Besides that like, nobody... So many first timers... Well not SO many. But the majority.
Man. How would u not know if u had an STI. like does what STI does she think u have. so are u just not gonna get it?.
She doesn't think I have a particular one, she just worries one may be dormant..... No way. That's almost insulting.
def.
And like, I want her to be happy. And things were going so well!!. Now she's freaking out over this, and getting super upset, and quiet... She says just thinking about it makes her sick.
j christ. mann. what about fucking trusting u.
She just says "you may not have known you got it". Like I'm some kind of gigolo.
ahahah. yea. What does a test entail.
A scheduled appointment, and idk probably urine / blood samples. But it's ridiculous!!!.
hahaha]]. how many ppl could u have gotten frm.
Like none realistically. Anna standing?.
Shes a real cum dumpster.
I mostly have had things with nice girls, most of whom haven't done anything. And I mean, I finger them. Are my fingers going to get chlamydia?.
ahahaha. ITs such a shitty move on her part. have u and jacklyn done much yet?.
Hand stuff. But that's as far as its gotten. And she's pretty much said, it's not going farther unless I get tested.
fuck. man.
You can see why this is upsetting? Hahaha.
YEah. def. if a girl said this 2 me itd be kinda mad. but more like offended..
Very offended! Like.. I understand that it's a serious issue, but at the same time it's like... REALLY?! you want me to get an STI test? That's the most unromantic thing in the world.
ahahha yea. but this is a crazy move.
I'm just in such a fucking bad spot now.
Cuzy its like do u get a test and get more, or no more action and no test.
At the same time it's like, do I really want to put myself through something like that to be with someone who made me do it in the first place.
yeah really.
Why can't I ever get ONE FUCKING NORMAL relationship?!. Like, this could end things with us.. And it's SOOO stupid.
yeah. man. maybe its like she i nervous about having sex so its manifesting itself her this whole sti thing.
Yeah, and so I want to talk about it more. But she's like "it seems like you've already made up your mind, so there isn't anything to talk about". Would you get the test in my position?. If I get it, I'm definitely going to tell her she has to come with me. No way I'm going to be humiliated like that by myself.
ahah yeah. I feel like it would be worse with her there. and if i was in ur spot I would do it. I mean its a shitty move but if thats what it takes fuck it i guess. I mean I would give her the benefit of the doubt and just be like, well its dumb but ill do it if it makes u feel better, i aint got shit to hide. .. But on the other hand, my fear would be that she is just looking for a reason to end it. in that case fuck her, if u wanna dump me just do it, dont take some weird moral stance. Also if the test was blood work fuck that shit..
Yeah knowing me I'll probably end up doing it, then she'll break up with me a week later over something different.... I'm so fucking exhausted dude. Sooo exhausted of all this perpetual bullshit I have to go through. But yes, I'll probably do it.
Will u have 2 get blood work?.
And yeah, by myself is probably the way to go. I mean, probably?. Idk I'm going to look into it.
Man I feel bad 4 u.. THese ridiculous situations always seem to find u.
It's actually fucked.
Have u thought of just dumping her now. but then she could be like "yeah we broke up cuz he didnt wanna get an STI test...." if some one asked her y u broke up.
Man its JACLYN. I've been crazy for her for years. And now I'm FINALLY with her. And it was going so well. And I don't want it to end.
U should make her get one 2. fair is fair.
She hasn't done anything with anybody though.
but its symbolic.
True. I may do that... But idk.
ahaha it would be a weird move i guess . Maybe just bite the bullet and do it. She is doing cuz she is nervous, not cuz ur a balla. ahah.
Yeah I know... It just has me so upset, that's why I needed to talk to someone about it.
yeah. other than that shit is going well?.
Yeah its been pretty good, she gets a little emotional sometimes when she's pms-ing. But so does every woman I guess.
haha. do u see her on campus?.
Yeah! I have a class with her. Like, we hangout quite a bit. And we get along very well. And I really do like her, but it just seems like she doesn't understand the situations she puts me in. I've made it so clear to her that all I want is for her to be comfortable and happy. I just wish she made it seem like she wanted the same for me. Anyway I need to go to bed hahaha my car battery dies every night now... And I need to wake up early to get my neighbor to boss it. Boost *. Fucking sucks haha. Thanks for the bro 2 bro, bro.
Np dude! and  that really does fucking suck ahahhahaha. night. Did u take it?.
Man the situation did such a 180 lol.
lol how so?.
I talked to her, and said that I'd take the test not because I had doubts, but because if that's what it took to make her comfortable then I'd do it. And she immediately apologized and said she didn't care if I got it or not. Then gave me a bj. A few days afterwards.
NOICE. hhahaha. Now its FB dawg. ballla.
Things are going really well with her!!. I'm psyched.
http://cdn.gifbay.com/2013/05/everythings_coming_up_milhouse-52415.gif.
. My snaps not good enough for you?.
They are trash!.
Hahaha, man are you back for March Break?.
Yeah. I get back on the Saturday.
Nice!!. You, me, Liam, and Karim are all going to Doolys / other downtown bars.
Ahahha. Oh shit. Yeah we are all 19. Ahhaa.
I know! Karim said he'd be our DD hahaha. Liam and I went last weekend. So much fun.
Aha. Did u go to dooleys?.
Yup, played some pool with a random drunk dude. He was so out of it, but he paid sooo....
Ahaha. How much its a pint there?.
We bought a couple pitchers of beer.
ouu how much is a piture?. sweet spelling dan.
11 bucks!. Not terribly expensive.
yeah thats sick! pretty cheap! Did u get carded when u went?.
Not even. I walked right up to the bar and order a pitcher with 2 glasses, and then didn't bat an eye.
Nice, ahah. Have u hit up any other bars while back in freddy?.
The Cellar. Only had a beer though. Still, it was a pretty cool spot. We tried to go to Dolans, but Liam got IDed and wasnt 19 at the time.
aha, does hal know about your dooleys outing?.
No sir. Simona does.
will macintosh told me u are thinking of coming up to osheaga.
Sure am. I missed it last year, don't want to make the same mistake the year.
are u still working at quiznos this summer?.
Nope, I'm working at the Irving / NB liquor now lol.
oh cool. so do u have to id ppl?.
Every now and then Yea hahah. Anyway my class is about to start, I'll talk to you later buddy.
cya.
Dan the Man. U in the Capital yet?. If youre not too tired after your trip, you, me, karim, and liam should all go out tonight, hit the barssss. Or maybe tomorrow night. Or maybe EVERY NIGHT. . Karim says he cant tonight, but tomorrow night works, so hbu?? Sunday night drinks? Maybe have a little wine to celebrate it being God's day.
ahahah I have dinner plans for tmr night. But anyday in the week works.
Okay Ill let the guys know!.
so are we going out tonight?.
I thought you had dinner plans???.
yeah, but they will be done early. idk tho. Idk what is happening. preferably we would go out some time this week.
Well if you want to then I'm totally down! If not, Karim is coming over tonight for a movie / to play ps4, wanna come? I could pick you up?. He's spending the night. And we were thinking about getting breakfast tomorrow. Karim says he is down for whatever. I'm picking Karim up around 8.
we dont need to go out tonight, yeah, pick me up then and we can just chill at ur place. Well go out later in the week\.
Sounds good to me! I'm actually pretty tired today anyway, Karim and I went to the gym this morning hahaha. Also I bought a new game, which I'm itching to play.
dope. what game?.
Dying Light. Heard of it??. If you've heard of Dead Island, it's a lot like that.
oh cool.
So will I be picking you up from your place?.
yeah dude.
Alright sounds good man! Looking forward to it!! I've missed ya!!.
.
. Hey dude I'm on my way now, that okay?.
Yee.
.
Hey man. I cant make it tonight.
:(.
:((.
How come??. Sorry I was out snowmobiling lol.
Ahah how was that? Too much  work..
Unreal, so much fun! I left at 11 and just got back now. And that blows dude.
Did u drive at all?.
Luke drove there, I drove back.
So u still going out tonight?.
Nah I don't think so haha like nobody can go.
Go by ur lonesome. Also since when im luc back in the city?.
No way lol, and for quite some time now! A few months at least.
Is he working?.
I'm not actually sure, I haven't seen a whole lot of him since he has been back tbh.
Hey man. Just saw that u jacklynn  arent dating any more. How u doin?.
Pretty good to be honest! I ended things with her a couple weeks ago, she was just getting way too worked up about things. She hated the fact that I drank.
To be fair you are a murderous alcoholic..
And she was be so passive aggressive 24/7, it just got to a point where I was like "look you're clearly not enjoying yourself, maybe we should think about splitting up". Hahaha I know right?. I started talking to Jaz recently lol.
Ahah. U gonna go for it. She has nice tuts.
It's all about dem tuts man. Hahaha maybe! We've gone to Doolys a couple times. And I'm going to her house sometime next week. So who knowwws.
Noice! How did jack take the breakup?.
Fine, which I kind of expected, she wasn't really trying to hide the fact she wasn't very happy.
Ahaha ye.
She's been avoiding me super hard ever since though hahaha like I almost feel bad. Like she'll sit a row in front of me in psych and act like she never saw me, then if id say hi she'd be like "Oh, hey". She brought Mharie to every class for a week after we broke up too.
Ahahahaha. Man i love the fact that mharie hates u. Its so fucking  funny..
She gives me the dirtiest looks EVER whenever I happen to see her. I have no idea what I did to her lol.
She is the kind of girl who thinks she is a cat... she is the kind of person who is so fucking mean for no reason..
Hahaha yeah, and the more Jaclyn hung out with her, the bitchier she became. It must be contagious.
Ahahah..
You back in town yet man?.
Yeeee.
Niceee!! You doing anything today?.
Idk. Karim want to watch a movie 2nite. So we could all do that..
Oh really? Richard and I were thinking of going to a bar hahaha, Sydney McAdam invited me out.
Ill go out with u guys. Karim will prob come. What bar?.
Most likely the 20!.
Kk  dope. Ill message krimmm.
Nice!! You guys can taxi back to my place if you want. It'll be cheaper if we all go together.
Yee.
Tell Karim to tell his parents he's just going to your place for a sleepover or something, or else he won't be able to go.
Ahah ye.
Last Saturday he had a 10 o'clock curfew.
Ahah i heard.. What time do u wanna go out.. Karim is a maybe. Which is a probably no..
Well I'm about to head into town now to run a couple errands, I was gonna see if you wanted to come? Ask Karim if he wants to come too!.
Karim said he is working 4 his dad. But im down..
Kk awesome! I just got out of the shower, let me put my face on, and then I'll head over.
Kk.
I'm the way b.
Kk. Im showering. Let ur self in.
I forgot to ask, did Ashley get back to you?.
ahah,  nope. but she hasnt been online.
Broke up with Sydney the other day hahaha.
Yo what the fuck. What happened.
There were a lot of little things that made me realize I really wasn't enjoying the relationship at all, and honestly, the entire time it felt like she just wanted sex, which is fine, but with her being my neighbor she was over like ALL the time idk, I couldn't deal hahaha.
Ahahah. How she take it?.
Baddddddly. Oh man so bad. I've never felt more uncomfortable in my life.
Oh shit. What she do??.
She cried for so long, and so loudly, with her parents in the next room. Then she didn't want me to leave. So I just sat there while she cried. Then she got really angry for like 5 minutes, then started bawling again right after. The entire time she was pretty much begging me not to break up with her... And I was just like... Sorrrrry......
Ohhh fuckkk. Thats a shitty feeling. Thats sounds fucking terrible. How long had u guys been dating?.
Only a month. She was really upset that I "rushed the relationship" so much, but I was the one who didn't think we should start dating for a while, she was always the one pushing for the relationship. Plus she talked about her exs so much.. But wanna know the real kicker?.
Wut?.
She's a farter... My god does she fart often.....
Hahaha. U mentioned that she had farted once or twice by accident when u first started seeing each other. Its funny that it continued.
Oh man, it was like every time we would hang out. I'd say something funny, she'd start laughing, then *pfffFFFFTT *.
They smell. Or was just audio only?.
Audio only, but the audio was definitely turned up all the way. Like they were so loud, she had to acknowledge them.
Ahahah. Did u or she ever address them?.
She said "were dating now so it's okay if you hear me fart" which is true to an EXTENT.. Like, I can understand a few poots every now and then, we're only human. But like, when it become that's frequent of an event, something just isn't right.
Ahahah. Well atleast she addressed it. I hope u didn't buy her lots of shit....
Just dinners. It's just awkward with her right next door now hahaha I feel like she's gonna break in and murder me.
Has she messaged u since the break up?.
Once saying she's finally accepted everything, and that she wants to keep in touch with me.
Man. What a wild ride. Haha. Welll atleast u got laid alot.
Oh yeah, definitely fun while it lasted hahaha, anyways what are you up to tomorrow (today)?.
Yo. Fell asleep ln. Nm. Hang this afternoon?.
Man where did everybody go last night?!.
Man i have no idea. I was watching bravners show. Then walked out and every1 was gone. Did u go 2 dolans or some thing?.
Nope I was at the cap til 3 something at least! I was upstairs on the sofas with anneke and Jenny hahaha. I saw everybody was gone, and stumbled by myself all the way to Liams haha, I was too drunk last night.
Ahhaha. Fuck man. Where did chris and luke go?.
No idea!. I don't know where anybody went! I just slept on Liams deck until the cab driver woke me and took me home tbh.
Hahahahaba. So how did shit go w/ jenny.
Man. I seriously dont remember a lot from last night.... I didn't kiss her I know that. They had to leave too, I remember that. But beyond that... It's all a blank.
Hahahaja.
I spent 40 dollars there last night. Well almost.
Hahah. How many brews?.
5 at Liams, and probably another 5 or so at the bar, plus the one I got you. Idk why I'd do that to myself, I feel like shit now.... Did anything happen with you and Rachel last night? Idk why but I feel like a picked up on something.
She was on me. But i did no reciprocate. Later on she started crying....
Mannnnn..... Did you see Sydney on the street?.
No. I heard tho.
Hahaha yeah, it was a little awkward, I had just walked out of an alley after peeing and her and some dude were like right there.
Hahaha. Did you know the guy?.
No idea, he had a really douchey goatee though, so I'm glad she knows how to pick em.
Hahaja. Ur just jealous!.
Oh fuck I just remembered!!. I smoked a cigarette with some people...... They have me one, these 3 dudes and a girl..... Oh man. I love suddenly remembering things like that haha.
Hahaha. Weird.
It was definitely a fun time last night though.
Did u watch the bravner show?.
I don't think so.
Hahahaha. So u were upstairs all night then ?.
Hahaha pretty much!.
Yo ball 2nite?.
I'm going biking with Luke on the Hanwell trails tonight dude, I'm down tomorrow tho.
Kk dope.
Yo.
Ye.
Is there any chance it would be okay if i spent the night at your place?.
Ye Np.
Yesss thank you, I really didn't want to bring my car downtown and then have to cab home. What time are you going to Liam's?.
9. Wbu?.
Well I was thinking I could park my car at your place and then go with you if you're driving? Or is Chris driving?.
Chris is. Just park on the street..
Kkk, am I okay to head over now?.
Sure thing.
.
U coming to ball dude.
FUCK I knew I shouldn't have napped, are you guys still there?.
Ahahah. Hey man. Just got home. Ball is doneee.
I got home and was instantly so tired, I set an alarm and laid down...the alarm never woke me....
Hahha. We play often. Nxt we ball ill message u.
Kk thanks man hahaha. Have you seen the movie Whip Lash?.
Ye. I liked it alot!.
Soooo good, definitely a new favourite.
The dude who played the teacher was sooo fucking good.
That's the same guy who played James Jonah Jameson in the Spider-Man movies!.
Ye. I think his name is jk Simmons. Man i cant fucking wait for silicon valley.
I wish I didn't work at 5 am tomorrow :/.
Some ones gotta make them dollars. Is jason working this summer?.
He wants to get a job at the Burger King in the Irving hahaha.
Hahah. That would be sick..
Honestly that place is such a terrible bk haha, have you ever eaten from there?.
Nope. Ahah whats wrong with it?.
They have like, zero presentation skills, the burgers look so terribly slapped together, but people keep eating that shit up.
Hahahahah. Jason could be the one that turns around that bk.
A lot of the people who work there are strange too lol, Paul Gerges and Rebecca Halferty work there.
U going 2 prom party?.
Idk..are you?. I turned away so many teens trying to buy alcohol today. Took this id from one of them. .
Ahahhahahah. .Who u take that from?.
Some random kid who didn't look anything like him hahaha I was like, "man, I know Kendall." And his face made a "oh fuck" expression.
Ahhahahahah.
Then I took his id, I didn't even have to, but I thought it was hilarious.
Too good.
Now it's MY fake id.
Ahahhahaha. Any one note worthy come through?.
Nah, not a lot of faces I knew. I'm about to head to the mall to buy Hal a bday gift / myself some shorts, wanna come?.
Naw. Cant. Have to go get a hair cut.
Oh shit, I could do that too, unless you have an appointments?.
Oh dope.. Yea dud come on over.
Kk on my way now!.
U up?.
Ye, what's up?.
Ahaha. Man what should i say 2 ashley. Ahhah.
Have you said anything since she said what the hell?.
Ahah. Naw. I have no clue how to respond..
Give me a sec man, that's hard to recover from hahaha.
Ahahha. Maybe its a lost cause.
You just looking for a hookup?.
Ahaha yee.
You can either; make some other kind of Lana del Rey joke that transitions the conversation towards a topic you can keep talking about, say something like "Sorry, I knew you liked her music and that joke sounded better in my head..", or move forward like you never made that joke to begin with by asking her how her summer is going or some variant of that.
Ahahagha.
Thats what I'd do in that sitch, if I only wanted a hookup, if it doesn't work then whatever.
Ahah ye. I think ill just make another pun hahah.
That's the best option, but it's also the hardest to come up with hahaha.
Ahaha. Ill think of something. U going to toms tmr?.
Yeah definitely!. Gonna be hard to get there without my phone... I was supposed to have a new one by now.
Whats the hold up?.
No idea, they've been keeping me in the dark.
ahahah. What time u heading over there?.
I work until 9:30, so I'm gonna shower afterwards then head right over.
Hows this for a line: Do you listen to Beyonce Knowles, cuz i wanna put my dick in atleast one of your holes..
Hahahaha it's a little forward. I think I'm gonna message Katrina Amos.
. Didnt luke have a thing with her?.
Nice hahaha that's good. And yeah for a bit, I asked him if it was cool.
What he say?.
He was cool with it, he said it was brief and they didn't click anyway.
Ahah. She is super religious isnt she?.
Not sure, but I remember bumping into her at that party at Mount A, and it seemed like she was a little into me (she was drunk at the time too, so she can't be THAT religious). I thought she was still with Luke at the time but later found out they had ended things quite a while before that.
Maybe its just her parents. Yea dude. Shes cute..
She's also close.
Ahahahha.
But not TOO close hahaha.
Where she live?.
By will, so a little ways up the hanwell.
Nice. What u gonna message her?.
Probably just a straight up "Hey" hahaha.
Classic.
Maybe with a bit more enthusiasm hahaha. See where it goes from there.
How long ago did u match w/ her?.
Like 3 weeks.
ahah, keep me posted..
Ditto with Ashley.
ahahah, How was ur lawncare shift tuesday?.
Vaped all day, got a major sunburn, but overall super easy.
ahahah nice. well imma hit the hay. Night dude..
. Hey dude is there any chance I'd be able to steal another ride tonight??.
Yea. One there. Idk about back tho.
That's cool, I can always cab back with the hanwell boiz. What time you leaving??.
Idk. When u wanna head over?.
I'm gonna get off work around 9 30, and depending on how stanky I am I may take a quick shower, if not I'd get dressed and head over to your place, so I'd be here around 10 probably!.
Sure.
Thanks man, I'll try to be there early if I can. . .
Noicce.
The seeds have been planted hahaha 󾁆. Hey dude Chris said he could take me on his way up, so don't worry about me! I'll see you up there!!.
Can u pick me up den?.
I'll ask him, it's his stepdad driving.
Kk. Thanka.
He says yep!.
Nice!. What time is pick up..
Things went well. Except for the part where I'm only just now getting home hahaha.
Ahaha. Any shit go down?.
A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell 󾍇󾍇󾍇󾍇󾍇.
Ur a cock. . It lives on.
Make a vegan joke man hahaha she'll love it.
How do you know if some one is vegan? Dont worry they will tell you..
Repost.
Eyyy.. So how did shit go with amos?.
It went well! She's actually coming over Tuesday night to watch whiplash.
Niceee. So did u cab home ln?.
I got picked up with jmer by his sister, and then called a cab from his place. Had the fucking craziest cabby ever. He kept talking about his music, and how he was going to be a political musician and all other politicians were going to hate him because he was going to spit nothing but he truth.
Hahahhaha..
I can't give it justice over fb but next time we hang I'll fill you in hahaha, anyway I'm just about to play some a Mortal Kombat with Jason lol so ill ttyl.
Haha kk peace!. Hey man how shit with Katrina.
So far it seems pretty good, have messed around a couple times haha.
Dating material?.
Potentially, but idk, long distance is kind of a pain...
Yea truee..
How's goodine?.
Shot her a message today asking what she is doing this summer. No response, but who knows what will happen.
Hahaha man, she's cold hearted, those jokes were funny.
Ahaha. Yea. All my tinder matches suck dic.
Know who messaged me on tinder the other day saying we should meet up?.
Who?.
Courtneyyy.
Ahaha. What u say?.
I said we could hang sometime next week, but it'll probs just be a coffee. Yo yo.
Heyy.
You going to Abbeys?.
Dont think so.
Ooh really? How come?.
2 tired.
Ahh man, do you know if rich is going? I don't want to be the only dude there hahaha.
Haha. I think he is going.
I think Liam will probably go too. When  are you going to Moncton??.
Im going back Sunday.
As in tomorrow???.
Ye dude.
Shiit man, when are you back?.
I come back every weekend. I already worked there last week.
Ooh okay sweet deal haha, we should try and hang next weekend then if I've got work off.
Ye def dude. We needa play sum ball!.
For sure man! I was playing with Rich last week actually!.
Nice. U going 2 abbis.
Yeah around 9, rich is getting me on his way in.
Ah i see. Do u know who else is goin?.
Liam is, Cassidy, Tanya, Rachel,  ummm one sec. Josh Liu is making an appearance!. Apparently Chris Arisz may go as well.
Leauge tonight?.
I can't man, I'm working all night tonight, but also my laptop is fucked....
Is ur desktop still messed upp.
Yeah its been fucked for a while, I could fix my laptop though if I had an external Cd drive.
Hahah. When u get shit fixed hit me up.  U going 2 toms Friday?.
I wish he was having it tomorrow, idk if I'll be able to go Friday, I work till 11 that night. Then start 9 o'clock the next morning.
Shiiit.
.
Ahhahahahahahha. I wonder who smells worse....
Oh god I don't want to think about it man hahaha.
Just saw ur snap story. Too good.
U hitting up the bars in Moncton tonight ?. A hahaha I know man, it was fucked.
Ahahah. Naw, playing Leauge.. U partying 2nite?.
No party, but going to the bars. And nice man, are you liking it more now?. Who do you play?.
Ashe dude. How was alicias?.
Not bad haha Josh, Richard, and I decided to go to the cap later in the night though. And exclusively ashe right now?.
Basically.  Hahah she is so fun. Who do u play?.
Of all the champs I probably play Heimerdinger the most, he is a little asshole.
Ahahah. Wut lvl ru?.
20, I play ranked now, and in ranked I'm bronze 4 or something, but I haven't played in so long I'm probably demoted by now.
Yooo. U free sat night..
I'm closing at Irving :( what's happening?.
Damn. Were having a leauge night w/the boys. Dick Du has an external disk drive 4 u 2 fix ur laptop.
I'd definitely borrow that drive, if I can fix my comp I could play from my house.
Ye dude..
My laptop is all fixed, u guys still playing League tonight?.
Im back in moncton. But id be down. Dick du would 2.
It wouldn't be til later tonight tho, like 12 30 at the earliest hahaha. If that's too late we should play tomorrow or the next day.
Hahah yea. Ill be sleeping by then  lets tmr.
Kk, anytime tomorrow before like 2, I work at 2:45 to midnight again 😪.
Ill be at work then lol. What about tues.
I'm off Tuesday!. Let's say Tuesday then. I need to practice anyway hahaha.
Nice. Hahahah scheduling is hard. Abha whats ur league name,.
Captain Cuc. I've been picking up extra shifts before I go to Osheaga, need more spending ca$h.
Man so pumped.
Are you going for the full 3 days now? Or still just planning on going one day?.
Just the one lol. What day u guys head up. Also does wyatt wanna buy my ticket to RTJ.
I think the 28th maybe?. And he found one!!. He went back to the site one night, and they were back on sale. He bought one and told the group, then everyone put off buying them again, and they sold out again haha. So now it's just Wyatt and I going.
Okay lol. U guys leaving  on the monday?.
Either that or the Tuesday I'm pretty sure. I got to go to work now man, I'll ttyl ✌.
Peacee.
Danny when are you free to play league?.
Tonight.  Say 8?.
Sounds good 👌. ayo. u ready to krush it?.
Ye. Add me DilkKing.
added.
U have skype on that comp?.
I only have LoL and Google Chrome installed hahaha.
Ahah kk. Start a party. Shit ur lvl 30. This should be ez 4 u.
Ive only played one game today, and that was my first in months hahaha so lets see how it goes.
Good playin.
my dad came into my room really pissed because the dog threw up so i had to stop playing the last little bit there haha.
Yea. I saw u were afk at the end..
Id play another, but i have to work early tmrw morning, so im going to bed. play some more tomorrow?.
Ye. Def.
Yo message me when youre down to play some league, im down whenever.
ahah kk. how about 9 o'clk?.
My body is ready.
where uu go?.
D/C'd one sec. also packing a trench haha.
noice.
Jason wants to play. he will supp you.
kk haha.
you can be ashe.
nice. LoL 2nite?.
Just closing at Quiznos now, I'll be home soon.
Sounds good!.
5 mins.
. Is that not a nip slip.
Definitely looks like a nip to me hahaha.
Ahahah. Good trip yesterday?.
Yeah man, it was awesome! The weather / water was perfect. And swimming was amazing hahaha. I'm about to make two PB and weed sandwiches with Jason haha.
Ahaha. With avb?.
We were going to, but we don't have the right peanut butter haha.
Leauge??.
Fuck man, I fell asleep super early watching a documentary on Netflix haha. If you haven't seen it, "An Honest Liar" is the title, and it's super good!.
Ahaha no worries. What is it about??.
Do you know who James Randi is?. http://m.imdb.com/title/tt2246565/.
That looks good. Looks like it has good talking heads. Imma watch it tonight lol. Also u wanna leauge 2nite or u busy?.
I'm closing tonight, so I won't be home until 12 30 or so tonight.
Ahaha. Yea ill b catching z's by then. Thurs?.
Same deal until Saturday, then I'm off.
Ahaah. Like u close on sunday?.
Nope, I close today, tomorrow, and Friday! I'm off Saturday!.
We may hit the bars saturday.
I'd be down!!.
Sweeet. How are things with Katrina btw?.
Done hahaha hung out a couple times, she started talking about long distance,  I bounced lol.
Ahahahhahah.
Yeahhh I was not down for that. Nothing much happened.
What base?? She seems conservative....
Hj and top off. So really I accomplished my goal hahaha.
Ahahah not baddd.
Hahaha yeahh I couldn't complain.
How did u ditch her. Just cut off communication?.
No I sent her a big message saying I didn't think long distance was gonna work out, and maybe we should stop seeing each other before it makes things too difficult.
Oh smooth. Jmac the good guyyy.
Yeee, the dumb bitchhhh 👿. Hahaha I'm jk, she was actually really nice.
Ahahhaha.
Anyway I have to go to the bank before my shift starts, so I'll ttyl man!.
Ye peace. Good luck. U free sat night.
Oh yeah.
I think were doing a league night at richards. Couple brews, couple boys, couple battles..
I was talking to rich and he wanted to go to the bars!!. Hes also kind of setting me up with one or Irina's friends from Pittsburgh.
That slut just told me he wanted to league sat night. Who is irinas friend tho. Sounds hot.
Junlee something haha. I messaged her on tinder, then rich ended up hanging with her and Irina last night lol.
Oh her ahahhahaha. She cure. Cute.
Should I go for it?.
I would..
All I need is sweet and sour sauce.
Eyyyyyyy.
I just finished reading American Psycho a few days ago, and now I'm hooked to Huey Lewis and the News Hahaha.
Ahahaha. Man, An Honest Liar was fucking great!.
So many twists and turns haha his story is unbelievable. It's, Amazing.
U at work?.
Ye.
Dej is looking for a dealer..
Are you at a bar?.
Ye bb. Are u talking to dejon. Full circle.
Ye she's right here Hahaha.
Oh nice u can give the num then.
Yeah I found them a guy Hahaha.
U shoulda given her that guy from dooleys number..
Man.
Yo.
My grandmother wants to fly Jason and I to Romania the day after we get back from Osheaga. She dropped this on us last night randomly haha.
Shit dude u gonna do it??.
If Hal aka Oscar the Grouch doesn't say otherwise then definitely, Jason and I freaked out haha.
Hahahaham why would hal say no?.
Knowing him, his go-to excuse is he can't afford it, even though they offered to pay for it all. I literally did not sleep last night, I played league all night long haha I'm relapsing.
Hahahaga. Shit! So when u boy heading up to mtl.
Tomorrow at 8! I'm getting all my shit together tonight, and I'm hitting the hay early.
Damn dude.. Whats  the name of the place you are staying?.
Literally don't know hahaha, something French sounding.
Who booked it?.
Wyatt did on his moms credit card.
Ahaha. Ask him the name dude.
It's called the oberge or something like that, 1447 bishop. Auberge * I could not spell it drunk.
Ahahha. Thats like decently close. How was last night?.
Soo good. .
Damn dude. U guys kill those both?.
All 6 litres hahaha.
Ahaha fuck ye.
Seeing run the Jewels tonight at club soda with Wyatt. So pumped.
Nice. Thats gonna a sick show man. So jelly. What u boys doing today?.
Just checking out the town, lil shopping, I kind of want to go to six flags hahaha. Any must sees while we're here?.
There is a free art gallery like a block frm ur place. Its pre dope. A couple of Picasso's there. Or u could climb mont royal. Its a pretty dope view.. But the six flags is so fucking dope. Pretty cheap too.
How much?.
I havent been there for a couple of years. But it was like under 50 bucks all told.
That's pretty decent actually. The roller coaster looks wild.
Yea its fun!!. Are any of the other guys wanna go?.
I don't think so lol.
Ball Friday?.
Working all week man :(.
Fuckkk mannnn.
I'll try to get that day off!.
Noice.
You gonna be around long enough to see the new place? We move in on the 1st.
I leave the 30th :(.
Shieeet... I'll send lots of snaps hahaha.
Yo hows that apartment life treating ya?.
It's a pretty sweet gig hahah I'm loving it.
Josh has a girlfriend.
Hahaha I do, I do.
How did it happen?.
She's in business top actually, and I bumped into her at Osheaga. We talked for a little bit, and she's cool but at first I didnt think too much of it. Like a month and a half ago we matched on Tinder (of course) so I sent her a message, and we started hanging out. We've only been like "dating" for about 2 weeks now. It's pretty good so far though man.
Oh damn, nice. She seems really cool, from what little interaction I have had with her. U bone yet?.
Hahaha oh yes.
My man.
I'm super sick now though, so no boning for a lil while lol.
shitty. Whats wrong?.
Like almost every winter I end up getting strep throat, it's fucked. And it's always so bad.
That sucks man, I have a strep like twice and it sucks so fucking bad. What have u been up to lately?.
Just school and work really, it's pretty stressful but at the same time life is pretty good right now haha. How are things up in MTL?.
same deal really, so much damn work, but at the same time apartment life is sweet. and the city is rock and roll.. Man u havent been on leauge for a while. ur gonna lose ur touch..
Hahaha yeah I know, haven't had much time really, also the connection at the apartment isn't great. It's good to hear that things are going well up there though!.
yea! That sucks though. Internet is stupidly expensive in Fredericton. is ur mom back in town yet?.
Nahh man, she won't be back until Christmas at the absolute earliest.
Damn dude. So its just jason and hal living on llyod.. How does jason like that?.
Actually, Hal went to visit Simona, he was gone all month so I moved back home to watch Jason / the dog!. He got back today. I would be back at the apartment, but I'm so sick im just gonna hang around another day or so.
Dude was riley a virgin?.
No she wasn't, why??.
Idk. Virgins arent fun(from my limited experience). Do u know her kill count?.
I'm not actually sure, but I knew she's had sex a few times. And hahaha I'm glad she isn't. We actually have unreal sex.
Better than syd the kid?.
Oh yeah, with Syd I felt like a sex toy, with Riley I feel like a sex God hahaha.
Ahahahahahhahahah. Thats good. U thinking long term ?.
It definitely seems like it.
U going out tonight?.
Yeah man! To Robert Chens??.
Ahahahahhahah. Its not robert chens . Hes just on the poster..
OH hahaha. Well yeah, that one.
Sweet man! C u there!.
Niceee! I'm pumped hahaha. What time are you heading out?.
Im going over 9 or 930.
Kk cool I'm walking down from the apt pretty soon I think.
Whats up 2nire. 2nite.
Sorry man I was catching Pokemon with the roomies! How long are you in Fredericton for?.
Yo. U free tmr night for filming. 530?.
I should be able to, but I might be a little late! I've all but moved out, but I still need to put some finishing touches on the apartment tomorrow.
Yea kk.
I'm working 5 :45 to 3 tomorrow, then I'll clean once I'm off, but I should be finished by 5:30!. Ymca again?.
Yurp!!!.
Sounds good man! Did rich ever release that trailer?.
Naw. He didnt make it.
Hahaha oh noooo. Yoo! You back in Freddy?.
Yup!!! Are u?.
Oh yeah, I'm not going to SJ until the 29th!. Are you going to Richards potluck?.
Yee are u?.
Yup I'll be there! Just found out about it lol.
Dope c u there.
Yeee 😎. League?.
Cant.2nite im in a meeting.
No worries 👌🏿. Happy birthday dude!!!.
.
You going out to celebrate???.
Hell ye!.
Niceee. What's your email???.
Daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com are u gonna send me a chain letter..
Hey buddy, are you in Fredericton?.
Yea man. Just got in Wednesday. U in town?.
I ammm. Will McIntosh and I are talking about getting some drinks tonight, you free?.
Yeeee.
Do you know where Wills apt is?.
The blue house?.
Yeah exactly! He moved into the other apt in the building though. So the door facing the street. Probably gonna get there at 8 or so.
Kk nice. See u there. Yo drinks 2nite?.
Yeeeee. What's the plan?.
Liam will and luke. I guess pre at wills.
Nice, I'm very down.
830 at wills place. . Thanks for the heads up, Shannon!.
hey hoe i know ur online josh told me... did doyle end up telling you wat u had to do for the project.
Josh who, and no..
Hi Daniel! It's been too long, how is life? I need an update!.
Im good! Im going into my final year of university so I am looking foreward to that. After I graduate im thinking of moving to Toronto for work. How about you? Congrats on getting married btw!.
Thnaks Daniel! Last year of Uni? Thats crazy, time flies!. Next summer we should have a CISV reunion with our delegation! I know it's a lomg way off but it's been a long time coming!.
Yea, totally! I would be fun to see everyone again! Me and Mia have stayed good friends!.
Hey.
 Hey, there should be a list of items to bring with the registration, but you will be sleeping in cabins, so bring warm clothes..
are u going to?.
No i cant :(.
what?!!. how to get the list?. is in email or somewhere?.
Have to registered yet?.
oh. thanks. man. harry going to the camp.
Lol what?. yes.
whats up! daniel, are you go to the mini camps?. how much money we need pay for the mini camp?. Hey! Dainel, when is the national camp?.
Aug. 17 - 25.
can i go?.
Fill out a application.
where you get the application,and how much is it ?. who's going in fredericton ?.
There is only one person who might be going from Fredericton, The cost is $200 + Membership fee + Travel there and back.
thanks,whats ur e-mail?.
Daniel_Lutes@yahoo.com.
. it's gone :(.
:'( thanks anyway! Have a good semester.
Hey.
 Check your heart, there you will find the true answer..
how inspirational, thank you Master Daniel for sharing your wisdom.
Who is on council next year??.
BOI YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW..
hahah tell me.
well nikol is back in....
What the fuck!!!! What are the 12th grades.
yeah they needed another gr.11 rep so they had no choice but to choose Nikol....and Jane and Grace is back in too......and if I tell you the gr.12's you're going to tell Karim and Connor!.
Karim got in???.
no.. :(.
Did Richard?.
no.. :( he's in band and Anna didn't like that hahha.
Ahhaha. So who is in???.
annaconnoreringracekarly piercyvaishujanenikolconnorben smith. i'm missing some,but all of the annoying people that we hated this year made it on (jane and grace) hahahha.
Holy shit!!!!!! Our year is soooo much better than this one!!.
I know!!!! this year we were all pretty good friends, but we didn't do anything for src hahahahnext year none of them are friends.... so I think they will actually get stuff done. I feel bad for Erin.....
Ahhah, well at least she can hang out with GRACE!!!.
she'll become best friends with NIKOL and JANE.
Ahay. 0h god.
are you going to tell Karim?.
No, ill let him find out himself...
are you actually not going to talk to him about it? Because I only said he didn't make it so you wouldn't tell him and ruin the surprise hahahahh. since I told you now, PLEASE DON'T SAY ANYTHING!!I wasn't even supposed to tell you who made it on ahhah.
Wait he did make it?.
yeah... DON'T TELL HIMMMM. please.
I wont, ahha but who didnt make it then for the list, karley piercy??.
no, she made it too! there's going to be 6 gr.12's next year.... next year will be interesting.
What the fuck. Wait who are the 6?.
I know dude, it's fucked up annaconnorconnorkarimvaishukarly.
Hahah that's like half of council...?.
yeah half are gr.12's, 3 are returning members, one gr.9 repso basically only 2 are new from other grades... the 6 all have strong opinions and want to take the lead, there's going to be so many disagreements next year.
They are fucked.
I know, Connor MacDOnald will ruin the whole school.. and the other Connor will let him because he's the WORST VP and doesn't talk to ANYBODYand did Erin tell you about Kiana and Jack?!?!?!!!!.
Yah hahah, have they talked to Catherine yet?.
nope! I don't think they got a chance to yetdon't talk to Jack about it though, I don't think he knows that we found out  hahhaha.
Ahah. I won't. Is jack still going with you to prom?.
yeah hahaha Kiana was the one who said that I should, but now I think it might be kind of weird... but he's Jack and we're basically going to be with all of the guys from 11th grade, so hopefully it won't be awkwardit was either I took Jack or Jacob Achorn. Now I don't know if you heard about him, but he's a pervert maybe I should have taken karim instead hahahah.
Haha, well kiana is going with some one else already. Just be glad you are not going with jacob...
jacob would have raped me....
I thought he was gay....
AHAHAHAHHA no!! he just came from being in a "serious relationship" he literally flirts with EVERY girl...GRACE is going to prom with him if you didn't already know!.
Ahhaha oh yeah I forgot... there are sooooo many non12graders going....
I know.... but at least you guys are all friends.
Ye, well I will probably spend all of my time with GRACE!.
hahahhahah who needs to be with nicole when you have the chance to dance with GRACE?! she messed me one minute ago and was like "let's get draankkk at prom". and Connor is REALLY excited...
Ahahah, Nicole said this or grace???.
grace....
Hahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahagwhahhahahahah. Doooo itttt.
hahahhahahcan we just imagine her drunkwith jacob achornat promboy oh boy we have to stay away from herrrr.
I am just imagining grace doing body shots off of Jacob at prom! Hope it happens.
hahahahhahahahahahah i'll probably video tape that hahahah.
Ahah, I feel like prom will be a weird night....
it will be, think about it:I'll basically be at prom with my best friend's boyfriend..a bunch of gr.11 guys will be there, and they'll have to stay together or with their dates because they don't know anybody else..and let's not forget about GRACE!!!!!!.
Well grace is a socialite... but the 11th grade guys are fucked... like I dont even know nicole that well... like am I supposed to ask for her to dance. ...
if you don't really know her, why did you say yes?!!uhh yeah you don't have to ask her to dance! Stay with the group of gr.11 guys.
Ahah, well I know her we just aren't super close. Yolo I guess....
she's prettyyyy crazy. good luck.
Ahhaha what am I in for?,.
you're in for a night filled with dancing with GRACE! if things get awkward, ditch Nicole and go with her hahhahahah #bodyshotswithJacob.
#TightBod #DrinkDrankDrunk #gradyear.
today in homeroom Jack and I were talking about how he was going to wear a dress and I'm going to wear the suit, and Jane believed us HAHHAAHHAHA.
Hahahhahahh. Good god jane.
do you approve of kiana and Jack..?kiana was curious hahah.
yea, of coarse. why would i.
she was just wondering ahahshe thought you hated the idea of them together...
ahaha, did I act like that or somthing.
haha well I think she thinks it's awkward in homeroom because we all know, but nobody brings it up..she  also mentioned how we didn't ask for her to come for a walk with us today... but let's be honest, the best walks only include you, erin and I hahahah.
ahaah. Best walk and talk crew goin'.
i'm sorry but nikol's profile picture is creeping me out... #sorrynotsorry.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Holy shit. Now i will never be able to sleeo.
i know right. I'll have nightmares for weeksthank GOD i'll never have to see her again after tmr...... is it bad that I laughed so hard at this.....?.
ahahahahahhahahahahhahahhhah HOLY FUCK.
thank GOD we never have to see her againby the way you never signed my yearbook dude.... DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER WHO I AM?!?.
Well yea. Ur young money persaud!!!!.
Does Mr.Peters say hi to you when you see him at school? Hahahah.
Ayahhah he doesn't.... I scare him I think...
he told Kiana that he hated the council last year hahaha. and Nikol deleted me off of facebook hahahahh.
Ahhahahahhaa. Whyy?,?.
You were at Battle of the Bands, right? Do you remember who placed first second and third? and who got fan's choice? I need this for a school project, would really appreciate any help. Thanks!.
Haha,  I wasn't in battle, but I do know who won and stuff, First was People At A Practice  second and fans choice was Eric Of Many Hats third was Jacky And The Boys. :).
Thanks. I KNOW you weren't in it. But you said hi to me when I got there, so I thought you had probably seen it..
ahaha oh shit yeah.
You still up for our late night study party there bud? I need some entertainment to keep me awake!.
ALL NIGHT LONG..
CAN WE ACTUALLY?!.
Ya Yea Yah!.
wait what homework do you actually have?.
Computer Science..
you take that?.
All day, Every day.
woot woot ;)good class?.
sux.. Who is ur english teacher.
ross. he hails from stanley. his brother sings in the belle comedians. ross wanted to sing at coffee house or something. and why does it suck?.
You and him should do a duet... And it sucks because its a 12 grade class so I don't know anyone in the class.
oh you know it. my singing voice, wouldn't break windows or anything.and oh. like who's in it?.
The DJ for the dances, and korean's... :"(.
evan? hahahaha! koreans... typical.what homework do you even have for that class?.
Programzzz! and you h8 korean's?   - _ -.
programs? such as? and no! one of my best friends is korean. get with it daniel. but some are annoying haha.
Generally speaking, people from other places are bad..
hahaha like ukraine?.
No, actually, they are the exception to the rule..
right. sorry. i forgot.. wont happen again.
IT BETTER NOT!.
getting sassy there  bud.
Its part of my online persona....
because you're never sassy in person.
You caught me.
sorry. i won't tell anyone.
TBH. If you ever do, it will not be good..
your life would just be ruined, wouldn't it?.
My life is already ruin :'(.
WHY? DANIEL NO!.
Ill never be a famous ballerina like Nikol/.
you poor thing.
so who is running for prez.
no idea. anna. maybe connor if you and jack aren't. maybe jack. maybe you. probably not seshu, but still a possibility.
is shesu.
see above.
loll.
daniel. what is 2012 -1848. and yeah my guess is seshu is running for vp.
I might run if it is just one person running, any people running for vp other than seshu?.
just one person running?. and not sure. maybe connor again depending.
Sweet. Looks like ill run then.
FOR VP?. and what is 2012-1848?!?!? i need to know this.
Prez. and lul wut?.
oh okii. and i need to know what that equals. like now.
What class is it for/??. what.
english. haha. daniel for prez. has quite the ring to it.
I think I prefer dictator....
okay well daniel the dictator. sounds fine too. now my question.
WHAT ARE YOU ASSKIN.. they are just two numberzzZ?@?@?@.
with a minus sign. duh. but i got it now. thanks for the help.
Do you not own a calulator?@.
yeah but i didnt want to go get it. and i was hoping you would just know.
YOu think i am a SLAVE.
no. but you're in grade 11 math. i thought you'd be smart.
Subtraction is university shit..
sorry. didn't realize those numbers were too big for you.
Just dont make the same mistake again.
sorry.. i'll try my best.
So how does SRC from this year compare  to last year ?.
SO MUCH BETTER. THEY ALL SCARED ME LAST YEAR. NOT EVEN KIDDING.
Even BB Chris?.
UM YESS. ALL OF THEM.
Typical niner.
i didn't get on council til like now though. and there were like 6 grade 12s. im sorry for being timid.
6 Grade twelves!>!.
eric, chris, lillie, danielle, laura, okay maybe only 5.
what was lillie?.
public relations. which is now our job.
How goes the HW.
ummm. ive got like 3 sentences typed and a title page done. you?.
finished.
NOT FAIR. i still have math. and french. but im doing french tomorrow night and amth at break tmr.
Sux to be you... just dont do it...
see i wouldn't but two of them are worth a lot. the math i can probably get away with.
Live on the edge.
i need to pass this year.
Just stay in high school for the rest of your life..
good goal to have.
only goal to have..
exactly. who cares about unviersity. who cares about anything after this.
High school is as good as it gets....
i know. who needs money.
Who needs money when you have peters..
exactly. he can supply for us right? besides. we've got like 8000 in the bank for the src account. our room in the school. the caf. who needs anything else?.
I am going to bed. I hope you fail..
daniel. that was not nice. but it's okau. good night. and thank you for staying up to talk to me.
it  wont be a good night but okay.
why not?.
NiGhT MiRezz.
SWEET DREAMS THEN. DREAM ABOUT RICE. AND HOT WATER.
also HBD.
YOU'RE THE BEST. THANK YOU. are you gonna stay up and do homework with me again!?.
to little too late....
Tonight?. Tonight?.
im in for the long hall tonight,,,.
legit?.
yea :[.
what do you have?.
Make a video. you.
math test, music projects, idek what else. what class is you video for?.
Entrepreneurship....
k then. what is that even? :p.
Business class. Its bad..
really? so don't take it?.
well it count for a life role development class so... unless you want to take OP..
is op worse?.
Well you smell like smoke allday..
hahah kinda not something id enjoy.... but everyone seems to love that class.
Any one who likes that class is a bad person....
hahahha. it's 11:11. and why? is it that bad? i mean you learn life skills.....
and your still talking... Wishes dont come true.
:'( </3.
Sass lvl 100.
haha this was a serious convo. i was waiting for you to say something danielish.
Fine serious. Yea, the class is fine if you dont mind going out in the winter.
oh i dont care if it's not serious.but yeah. idk... camping in the middle of the winter... a bit iffy.
tech miss hap.. sreyy. srry.
s'all good budd. i understand completely.
"s'all"?.
it may be supposed to be 'sall. but yes. as in it's all good. but how the hicks say it. Daniel, have you gotten your secret sanat gift yet?.
Shit no. What should I get anna\.
ummm. ugh shes hard to shop for. im just gonna admit. im googling it. WHY IS THIS SO HARD?.
I have nooo idea what to get her.
well i mean there's always the classic chocolate or like candy canes or other christmasy stuff. ooh get her like fuzzy socks. seriously the best thing ever.
where would i find these things.
okay well. fuzzy socks you can get like anywhere. candy canes the same thing. and the chocolate you've got options.
fuzzy socks.
yes. anyways good night. I need to sleep.
Night.
did you get Anna her present?. also I'm sorry if you wanted to change the sign after school :/. MAKE ME LAUGH PLEASE. IM BEGGING YOU. I DONT CARE WHAT YOU SAY OR WHAT YOIU DO. JUST PUT MY BACK IN A GOOD MOOD PLEASE..
Oh hey.
make me laugh please?.
Im on the spot..
sorry. we can talk normally i guess. daniel why are you even still up?. and you left me too. kay thats cool.
Ommg srryyy... and the night is young, school will be canceled.
hahaha for some reason the first part of this made me laugh. and please. make it be.
So what new in the E.Cunn'z lyfe?.
I keep blinking and thinking the power went out, but it didnt. and i have a project due tomorrow that i havent started. and ugh.what about you mr.lutes?.
Found a computer game from when I was younger and now I am playing it. Brb.
k cool. leave me then. i hope you computer game was good because you completely just left me alone. and yeah.. that's cool.
oh hey].
how was the game?.
fun as always.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE SCHOOL. KILL ME NOW. and thats good. im glad you enjoyed yourself.
sayswho?.
we're going to get like 2 cm an hour. not enough to do anything i dont think. it started like 12 hours too early.
It Better happen.
dude that project i was saying i hadnt started?. yeah still not even halfway done.
yea.
its due tomorrow. and im not even sure i understand how to do it. i give up on life. and school. and its not worth it.
lol, what class is it for?.
LA. and it doesnt even count for anything. but if we dont do it we lose marks or something?. idek.
well that sounds entirely logical....
exactly. its like any marks we get on it are bonus marks. but if we don't do it, it's marked as incomplete and we lose or something?.
whos is your teacher?.
ross. big tall awkward guy who wanted to perform at coffee house.
Oh I know the one.
actually?.
yeah. seems like quite the man.
well you know: he is from stanley.
From rags to riches....
hahahahhaa he's a high school teacher and his brother is the lead singer of the belle comedians, everyone's fave band. they both made it so far.
Get his autograph wile you still can. I gtg..
hahaha do you want one too? :O and okay! good night!.
yes plz.
kay ill make sure to bring two pieces of paper the next time i pay them $500 to perform..
Tell me what to get anna.
Ummm... You could always do like starbucks giftcard or bath and body or like chocolate or fuzzy socks! Or do like a mug and put hot chocolate mix and a candy cane in it!. DID YOU GET HER ANYTHING?.
yeah a gt her a bath and body works gift card.
nice work! see that wasnt too hard was it?.
meh, it was all still work.
true... i got seshu's last night.
what did you get him?.
rockets and french vanilla instant coffee.. les be honest pretty much the ideal gift.
will he eat them together?.
hmmm idk... maybe he'll put the rockets in the coffee and they'll dissolve?.
sounds taste. y.
exactly. it'll be extra sugary. now how was your snow day?.
in bed till 4  = good day. What about you?.
HAHAHAH ACTUALLY?. and okay! Christmas shopping started and a fairly successful day otherwise but now I still have a project to do :/.
oh god..
what?.
You are the queen of procrastination....
thanks :') but i prefer princess. its kinda my nickname not gonna lie. adn its kinda an alliteration.
shitty, cus thats my nickname too....
HAHAHAHAHA. CAN YOU BE PRINCE?. because i cant give up princess.
well looks like we will have to fight....
to the death? :o.
Hell no, until one of us gets hurt... I dont want to kill someone....
okay good. wait. that was offensive. theres not a chance you'd beat me. im the tank remember ;) just kidding. you'd win. can we get swords and everything? :o. life sucks Daniel. no pajama day tomorrow :/.
i no :'(.
ruined my day.
ruined my life.
same. my world came crashing down.
The harsh truth.
everyone is so disappointed. just so we can please the grads.
what, why?.
what do you mean?.
please the grads?.
okay heres the thing: the grads were supposed to have ugly sweater day today. but since school was cancelled theyre doing it tmr. so naturally they dont want anyone else doing a theme day. so to please them, we have to cancel ours.
well it makes sense to please 25% instead of 75%... its basic math.
exactly. would want to please the majority. wouldnt*. very productive homeroom rep meeting you missed out on today. probs the best one yet. didn't have one single complaint. heck it was the quickest one too.
Shit, I totally forgot... also I h8 those meetings.
because hate is too long to type out.And haha oh Daniel. of course you forgot.Just like Neville forgot about Secret Santa haha.
hhhHAHAH. happy christmas.
MERRY CHRISTMAS! :D.
Happy Kwanza.
is this today?. woah. apparently it was. i don't know my holidays very well apparently..
and you say you love Karim!?!.
I do! Karim is my fave! <3 but yeah sorry. My world knowledge isn't very good. You'll have to teach me that sometime I guessSent wirelessly from my BlackBerry device on the Bell network.Envoyé sans fil par mon terminal mobile BlackBerry sur le réseau de Bell.. woah my message was bilingual! and i didn't even type it in english. :o. Walking into the hockey game and seeing chris. What is this?.
What are you surprised to see him?.
Yeah! He just doesn't seem like a hockey game going type.
he was attending more as a social event....
Idk he seems pretty into it.
you spying on him?.
Nope he's like the same row as me.
lucky!.
Haha! I can't even tell if you're serious?. now why would i lie to you?.
Stranger things have happened....
right sorry for doubting your reasons.
Wanna see the poster I made.
YES.
Took a while here....
it's brilliant.
OMG THX!.
see i would respond something like:NP BBG<3<3but that seems kinda weird.
OMMGGG BBG!!! SHUT UP :<.
SOWWY IM JUS SOOOOOO IN$ECURE.
I am reading all these messages in Nicole's voice..
it`s nikol there bud.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. srry.
u beta be.
I GTG SLEP BI! C U TMR.
ahhhh gnight yo. we need to change the sign soon.
TMR. ?.
while we're supposed to be setting up perhaps? like we always do?.
wut eve.
pull a nikol and just disappear?.
yolo].
unless youre a cat.
bye.
bye daniel. snow day?.
Hope Day. CUZ I HOPE SO.
even better.
Better be.
a snow day?.
YEA4.
PLEASE.
i no.
you abbreviate a lot.
Cut down on time.
the whole 2 seconds.
dnt h8.
kk sowwy.
np.
:).
so whats new?.
not a whole lot really, finished my research paper finally
you?.
hoping school cancelled and talking to the big ro. bro.
at first i thought you must've meant robert..
Oh god.... I would never talk to him.
well i was a bit confused. bro made more sense.
Whats ur essay on/?.
yoga and how it benefits students. IT'S 8 PAGES LONG. including source cards.
ahaha... EXCITING TOPIC.
sarcasm?.
yes.
thanks for the support.
Did u choose that topic?.
yeah man. best i could do. i tried to think of other ones. but alas. none.
:'(.
you always could've helped me.
i am he yoga king.
i bet you're a warrior.
you could say that\..
whenever you say that on here i can just hear you saying it.
Good.
you just say it so often.
Do I?.
try like 3-4 times a day mimimum.
shit, i need to quit.
nah. it's a neutral habit.
I need a new saying.
if you're obesessing over it: you say "let's just say...." a lot too.
Thats i good saying!.
okay then stick wiht it. with*.
I will.
good. http://25.media.tumblr.com/d4d326c8dd0e90ec6467c34c1a989850/tumblr_mi6s42aPAd1rvs2jdo1_500.png. Ughughugh what makes seshu think he doesn't have to do things anymore?!?.
I msg'd Alex..
Mcallistar?.
ye..
Brilliant.
But he doesnt want to do it..
I messaged kieran. He doesn't?. Now who do we pick?!.
He's back on.
For sure?.
Hm.. I am working on it.
This is so much work to do in so little time.
I have the MC's done by tonight..
I'm hoping kieran will respond tonight but who really knows.
To cool to respond via Facebook, try messaging him with carrier pigeons....
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha I'll get right on that. im sick of it.
Of what. Oh.
you know what im talking about?.
Ya. Well he must be too drained..
i think he's just too lazy tbh.
I think he only notices the work he does, and not others work..
he must not notice a whole lot then.
ahah. Well we will see what happens.. I hope school is cancelled tmr..
SAME.. i didnt do any homework #whoops.
Seger said no, so apperently Alex is doing it solo....
uhhhhh. well that should be interesting.
ahaha, it will be kinda funny if he crashes and burns.. either way it will be good..
are we expecting him to?.
Hmm, I don't know... Kiana doesn't seem to hopeful.
should we be hopeful?.
Well probably, for the karma and all..
I'm just too tired to think about all the things that could go wrong.
Nothing will go wrong..
that is being very optimistic.
Well if somthing does we can just blame Seshu daddy....
he'll take credit for anything good....
Then lets just make it bad... lol.
and get yelled at by seshu? can you take him in a fight?.
Ill headbutt him, he wont see it coming.... but I will.
just like an angry bull eh?.
Thats my middle name..
Daniel AngryBull Lutes has quite a ring to it.
It really does..
good decisions made by your parents. #naming1010. 101*. the picture. the caption..
Wut?.
the picture nikol shared.
ahahah the one with Liam?.
yeeep.
ahahahah Tooo goood.
did you see her comment on the original one?.
ahahah Bitch.
hahahahahah. oh daniel.
It doesn't really look like her in the picture.
i was there when they took it and she was so confused.
Who took the photo.
harrison. Please apply please please please please.
Ill consider it.
PLEASE. karim is.
so is connor.
yeah but does anyone really want connor on.
Do you think anna would pick me?.
i dont see why she wouldny. t.
Do you think she will pick you?.
i hope so. but i dont know.
Will she pick Grace or Nicole.
i highly doubt nikol will get back on but i cant  see anna not putting grace back on.
Did she not like Grace?.
No she did like her, or at least tolerated her I think.
haha, then why not put her on again?.
I said i can't see her not putting her on. as in i think she will put her back on.
Oh, double negative....
sorry :/.
... Just don't let it happen again....
I'll try my best!!. so you never really told me, how do you feel about conor and anna?.
Not good..
why not?.
I was hoping for Connor or Seshu, with JAck..
same. I would've been okay with Vaishu or whatever her name is too though. but Jack was my first choice.
Yea, it should be interesting....
thats one way to put it.
Shitty would be another way.
well thats making an assumption but yeah pretty much.
haha, more school spirit..
i told one of my friends that we'd have more school spirit assemblies probably and she looked at me and said "more opportunites to ditch".
Badass friend..
dont tell me you've never skipped.
Guilty as charged.
for real?.
Yea. Day or two pre christmas break.
well everyones done that.
I guess I am not as bad as i thought....
don't worry you're still pretty bad.
Good. Now I feel better..
mission accomplished. did you happen to go look at lights?. "Hawt & dangerous". I watched some of your video.
I am honored..
You should be.
jkj im noy.
:'(. did you actually watch that video?.
Ive have no already seen it.
good grammar. and ahh ok.
ahaha opps.
tsk tsk. and you call yourself a level one english student.
I never not said that.
what.
it was a joke.
i didn't understand it.
cause it was bad grammar too... Keep up Erin!.
ohhhh double negative?. Sorry Daniel :(.
Np. So what was Kiana talking about with Jack today?.
I have no clue!! Apparently she was super upset after physics and then thats what she was talking to Jack about but other than that I don't know. you haven't gotten it out of Jack?.
No, I wonder why... WHo told you she was upset.
She was outside the office ranting and said she couldn't tell me what was wrong and then Shana told me the rest of the info.
does shana know??.
yeah it was Shana that Kiana was ranting to outside the office but she said she wasn't allowed to tell anyone because Kiana didn't even want her to know or something.
Work it out of her.
I tried. I couldn't. maybe we can get something out of Jack tomorrow.
Wow, must be a big one... do you think it is prom related?.
I'm not sure why it would be such a big deal that none of know then? And since when is she close with JAck?.
Idk, i guess so... spooky..
it's weird.
I really want to know.
ME TOO. but i don't want to force someone to tell me.
I will force Shana... You should bring it up with jack tmr.
when we're changing the sign yo. bonding time.
#RealTalk.
we can bring shana and then see what we can accomplish.
But then we couldnt bring jack.
says who?. it will go a lot quicker with four people because we could do two to a side.
True dat. always thinking.
efficiency at its finest. do you want the drama? different drama but still drama.
Dish the dirt sista.
well. apparently the probability of grace a jchorn going to prom together is quite high atm. and tyler case got into a fight with dori (his date). so now might be taking Anna. you're in for a good night.
Proma! Shit Anna and Tyler....
what.
Prom-drama, Proma.
ahhhhh. clever. McAllister will be mad.
ahaah Good.
not a fan?.
No, are you?.
I don't hate him but I don't like him much either. I now know what was going on. Kiana told me today.
What was it??.
her and Jack are kinda together. but you can't tell anyone. because Catherine doesn't know yet. but she told me I could tell you.
Since when are they together???.
do you want the whole story?.
Dish itz.
okay here goes. so they went to the David Myles concert together right? and it was super fun and perfect or something and they ended up kissing. So then Kiana said that it was too soon and they should wait and she didn't know about things. She didn't want to do anything because of Catherine I think. So yeah, Jack told her that he liked her. So yesterday I guess they just talked and all and they decided to just take things slow and see how it goes. let whatever happens happen I guess.. but yeah. Catherine doesn't know yet so we're not allowed to talk about it much.
Secret love•••••. This is really surprising.
why do you think that?.
I dont know I just cant see them dating...
it didn't surprise me that much when I thought back on everything. And take into consideration how close they looked in the office yesterday.
True... well at least it happened at the end of the year....
Imagine if they had dated all year....
Or broke up half way through the year....
that would have been a nightmare.
Ahah. Well where is kiana going to university?.
UNB.
Well well well, when do you think it will be official.
after they tell Catherine. which they want to do tomorrow. and actually maybe she's going to Queens.
she should decide soon.
I think she accepted both offers....
.
hahahahahah. apparently.
But who is jack going to prom with?.
Shana.
And connor?.
uhhhhhh. Shana told me but I can't remember.
Get it together.
sorry :(.
Just don't let it happen again.
i remember Nikou was going to ask him and he was going to say yes, but then someone else asked him before she could.
Jun li kwon or irene chan.
jun li maybe. idek. frig frig frig frig daniel so much drama.
What is it???.
Catherine is mad at Jack and Kiana and basically hating on Kiana on tumblr and Kiana`s super upset and Seshu and I are disagreeing.
Hahah... wow h8ter.
it's bad. "So I know I’m writing a passive aggressive post and the person it’s about will see it and know but damn that was an incredibly uncool move, and I’m incredibly hurt right now, and I honestly probably can’t trust them ever again.".
Shit........
i know. and her and seshu are fighting.
About what???.
Shut up Seshu, do you know how hard it was to not tell you any of this?IDK?Very hardbut even though you hate me, please don't give Jack a hard time about itof course you'll start going on like thathey I haven't been your favorite person at all the past few monthsand I like one of your friendsit's weird!You really seem to underestimate how much I care, since despite the downright vicious things you've said to me I've continued onbut honestly, let me explain why I'm disappointed in youbecause honestly, you can understand why catherine is upsetthen surely, you understand that you had to make a descision'going for the guy or not upssetting your friendboth are reasonable descisions with positives and negativesyet you sound like youre complaining, that somehow the negative of your descision (upsetting catherine) should not happenwhich is unreasonableis it clear now?YOU HAVE TOO! You've ranted about me to like EVERYONE! I basically stated what I thought were facts at the time!And I'm not complaining. I'm just stating that I feel really really bad about the one time I actually have feelings for someone.Even though I really shouldn't. ESPECIALLY considering the fact that she hooked up with some other guy a few days BEFORE Jack broke up with her!Seshu Iyengar left the conversation. you're not allowed to tell anyone I tell you all this by the way.
Holy fuck.... Seshu is being a dick.
I know. I tried to tell him that but he thinks he's being too soft on her.
Like he I actually just being really mean for no fucking reason. Why does he even care.....
because he's a jerk who wants to make her feel bad because he doesn't agree with this or soemthing. idek.
But since when has he ever taken interest in kiana's love life....
Well we used to have late night conversations every night about each other's love lives but then they got into a fight and we don;t anymore until recently.
Oh shit. A whole other side of Seshu... Where is jack in all of this shit..?.
He's talking to Kiana. but yeah. JACK to Kiana:"If it will make you feel any better, I have no regrets about anything I've done. In fact, I'm super happy about being with you and I think all of this is worth it".
Awee Good guy jack.
Seshu's telling me I'm only allowed to trust one person, who should I pick??.
What does he mean?.
Something about how I can not trust anyone except one person my age and my parents.
ahaha, seems reasonable.....
it's ridiculous.
HE needs to shut the fuck up. Sometimes he makes me so mad.....
I don't know how to deal with him.
Just dont.
but he's talking about how the only people he can talk to are me and marco. how do i leave him then.
Well he seems to just be really mean to you....
but I think I put up with it for too long to escape it now.
slowly stop.
HOW.
Just stop. like anyone else. like say you have to go.
I hate this.
I dont really get te whole thing.
me neither even. I just know that he's making it really hard to leave. yes he's going to bed. sign of relieft. relief. sorry for unloading all that on you.
ahaha. Np. but just wait until tomorrow in homeroom..
why?.
Shit is going to hit the fan.
i might take a really really long walk. i don't want to get in the middle of it.
It will likely be just passive aggressive shit...
all I can say is I'm glad it's the end of the year.
aha, yes.
in a way I'm glad Seshu isn't back on.
Makes sense.
good night Daniel.
but next year is going to be weird for you.
ugh yes. No mardi gras :/. no one that's actually funny. it's gonna be insane.
wait is Mardi Gras canceled for next year.
oh yeah you werent there. yeah Thomas came and said that he didn't think the SRC should do it anymore; that some other group will run it.
oh shit.
it sucks but it's understandable. after everything that happened this year....
Yea, it was a weird year.
are you glad you were on it?.
Yeah, but only because of you shana and jack.
don't tell me you didn't enjoy changing the sign!! ;).
True dat sista, true dat.
we get to train people. yes. yes. yes. then we're done.
I am just going to give people shit the whole time.
honestly though, as bad as it was, I'm glad it was you and Jack that I got to change it with!. and hahahaha. let's tell them they need the ladder tho. just to make it worse.
ahahahahahahaahh. Make them bring the box of letters out every time.
well it is Karim, Karly and Ben I think?. and hahahahahahahahahhahahahaha. didn't we actually do that once?.
ye, its was peters tip.
yeah theyre actually going to need the ladder. i'm so glad we listened to him.....
ahhaha, I have to go. Lets walk tmr in HR.
kk we still have to change one side of the sign btw.
FFFF.
Peters' orders. you still have to send it to me.
It got deleted.
:(. DANIEL. JACK AND KIANA ARE NO MORE :(.
WHY?.
jack to kiana: "I don't think we should keep doing this. Especially with you going away.".
She is going away?!. And there is still a whole summer left.
She's leaving for Rome on Sunday and then on to Iran for a while.
Oh. Well then. I quess you gotta do what you gotta do.
guess so.
Well they never were fb official.
very true. When Kiana told me they were over she said: we "broke up". so idk.
Well at Alex McAllister's party i saw jack sitting on the couch with Kira Chisholm  and they were pretty close together... and Kiana was looking at them from a distance, and looked really sad..
ooooh I heard about that actually. she was quite upset about that but because Kira and Jack were drunk she let it go or something?.
Oh really, well something like that is never a good sign...
apparently Kira is a super emotional drunk.
Ahaha, Well that party was a fucking shit show anyway.
oooh spill.
Ahah, it was just a really fucking weird time, like Tom Jung's face was covered in cake for 2 hours, Girls were doing body shots off of Liam Starr, I saw some girl throw up pure alcohol on alex's floor..
why was Liam Starr even there?! ew gross.
Ahahah, I have no idea. It was just the outcast of FHS.
why did you go.
Well Nicole and Mia wanted to go, so me and Richard went. And I will admit it was entertaining.
I heard that Nicole and Junlee and all the asian girls were super drunk.
ahaha, Nicole wasnt that bad, but Junlee was stupidly drunk, she is the reason Tom Jung's face was covered in cake. She was also just spilling shit for no reason, it was weird..
wow stupid stupid at least they didnt have to go to school the next day like some people.
ahah, Yeah, I was still alittle drunk the next day....
not as bad as some people. aka the people who were wearing sunglasses insdie. aka emily blanchette.
Ahah yea. I heard that some people were stilling doing shots at 7am.
robie mcgibbon just decided to go to school drunk to see how it was. but thats cray. shana and i want you to form a band and enter battle.
AHAHAHH What instruments do guys play?@. Oh fuck u want me to do it..
dont sound so enthusiastic. and fyi i play piano.
Boom, U on the keys jack on the trumpet me on the mic. and sesh daddy on the French Horn.
we've got ourself a winner.
haha u could fix it so we win..
tell mr hull to tell the judges to let us win. that would go well. hed certainly remember.
ahhaha, what genre will we play.
i say we just go for improv.
Improv is a genre now.
apparently. according to a topnotch grade 10 musician i know.
Who is that?.
jeremy mclaughlin. good ol matt's younger bro.
Luv him 2 death.
jer or matt?. moving tables tomorrow will not be the same without you.
Imma miss it too :'(.
I'm sure. so no more meeting tomorrow.
Nikol just asked me if I would mc holiday coffee house...  Ahhhh.
Uh. Uh. Uh. Are you going ot. To.
Ahahaahahah idk. Considering. What do I have to do?.
Basically just announce the acts. Idk it's really not much work.
Should I do it?.
Next time you are high, listen to "Dazed and Confused" by Led Zeppelin. Trust me, its amazing..
Ahah, I did it. You were right. Fuck yea. Hows college treating ya?.
Fuckin' A brother. Uni is pretty good, pretty good group of people in my residence, classes are quite interesting. How's things in MTL?.
HEy DOG u following the election!. its a goddamn shit show.
Fucking elections nb. Check. My twitter, that's where I've got a few things about it.
I have been watching the CBC stream. Have u?.
No wifi had to be down on this one fucking night. Following via fb an twitter. Do they have an ETA on the vote count?.
Shitty. They are saying that it could be days if the do a hand count..
Jesus.
Thanks OBama, amirite.....
#obamacare #illuminati #ISIS. The best thing I've seen yet.
Ahahah. What riding are you in?.
Back in Freddy?.
yea?. *..
Silverwood.
ahahah that seemed really passive agressive. hahaha. oh. who was running in it?.
Brian MacDonald. I saw he won, but they had posted Fredericton-Hanwell. So I'm a tad confused.
Oh yea were in the same one. i think they just declared the election.
Oh yeah.
nope. nvm.
Shit i gotta see this.
false alarm.
Got my hopes Danny.
the stream ended tho. hahaha.
I'm disappointed in you.
I let my self down.
I just checked twitter B Mac hasn't poste anything about victory so who knows?.
Only dic pics on his twitter..
On fb too. Before I left town I creeped all the candidates facebooks it was funny as shit. Brianacdonald and Craig Leonard at the Highland games wearing kilts tagged by Craig, # traumatized.
ahahaha. Macdonald is fucked.. I have talked 2 him a couple times and he is literally brain dead.
Te few times I've met him i liked him. Better then Alward "we live in nb #blessed" or "there's not as many blacks in nb as Jamaica #blessed" or "I just got head from my cabinet #blessed".
Ahhahahahaa, "My Mom didnt have access to abortion clinics,#Blessed" "3/4 of my sons limbs function #blessed". "Troy Lifford is my sex slave #Blessed.".
Hahahahahahaha. Troy Lifford: "you want to know how I slick my mullet back? Alward helps if you know what I mean... ;)".
Troy Lifford walked into the legislature wearing a full gimp suit..
Wake up the gimp! Alward shouted at Higgs.
Higgs walked over the cattle prod and fallowed alwards orders..
Gallant and Coon, bound and gagged, could only helplessly watch the horror unfolding in front of them.. HOLY FUCK LIBERAL MAJORITY.
Really?@?. Says who?@.
105.3 the fox. Going to twitter to check.
105.3 the fox aka the BBC of fredericton.
Lol. It was good talking to you man. See you in December. Night.
hahha, yeah, boys reunite. if leo is still living....
check out my tweets about ISIS.... they are great.
Agahahahaha. You should have tweet about the election 2.. Shit nvm. U did hahaha.
Hahahaha. Hey! Long time no see! I'm working on a paper for sociology and I was wondering if you could give me some perspective from a larger school..
yea dude..
awesome!. so I'm looking at three alientaions that occur within schools, not so much at X but I'd like to compare to McGill. one of them that I'm most interested in in regards to you is the alienation between you and your professors?. how big are the classes? do the profs know your name? do you feel there is a barrier between you and them ?. etc etc.
My average class size is like 100 to 150, I know all of my profs by name but would address them by name. I can see my profs during office hours, but it is rare that people ask questions in class. And lectures are a bit of a one way street. It is a different dynamic than  highschool for sure. All and all it seems that its up to the prof  how much or little of him you see. Some profs make them self available at all times, others basically hide in their offices and hope no one visits..
so your profs are aware that you, Daniel Lutes, exist. also, do you go to your profs house and get drunk with them? because I do.
Oh hell no.
to which?.
both, I mean if I speak to a prof he know i exist in the sense that i am standing infront of him, but none of them would know my name. The average prof teaches probably 400 students per term so i doublt they even learn 20% of  the names.
alrighty good to know, thanks buddy i really appreciate it.
np bbg.
have a good one, see you in the summer. :).
yea cya then!.
Hey buddy, lingo time. I was wondering if you are free this weekend, and if you'd be down to hang. Saturday morning/ afternoon.
yea dooggie.
Sick. Name a time and I can come get you!.
like 1030?.
yeah brother. Still good for tmr?.
Yee dog.
Sick. Is your number still (506) 261-0224 ? I'll text you when I'm coming up.
Yup!.
Great see Ya then. And boy, do I have some stories for you.
Hahaha  sounds goood!.
1) What was the use of the inuksuk  and where was it used? used in canada artic to send mesages and mark hunting spot2)When was petroglyph carved?Between 600 and 1200 years ago3)What  were the names of artist that consisted of Tom Thompson of in early 1900's?Group of seven4)At 1867, Canada was primarily what type of economy ?Agriculture economy6)Canada is taking how many immigrant annually?228007)What was the name of Canada before independence?British North America8)Why do you think the number of MP's in Ontariois more than the one in Yukon?Because of population difference and Ontario is province for capital9)What is the full meaning of U.S.S.R?Union of Soviet Socialist Republic10)Different values and idea about political and economic system is called?Ideology11)Who was the soviet leader during 1948?Joseph Stalin12)What was NATO designed to provide?Collective security13)How many distant early waring line radar was built in Canada?   6314)During WWII 3 foods items were Canada short on? Tea ,Coffee and Sugar15)What was the first Canada-owned TV station that broadcasted in Canada?CBC (Canada broadcasting corporation). 1) Main job of the CRTC is to....?Promote and protect Canadian Culture2)During the British north American reign, why did the military painted the physical landscape of some places in Canada?To help make military Plans3) Canada is on what  Continental plate?The North American plate4) How many years ago was earth a super continent (Pangea)?250 million years ago5)The outer part of the earth layers is called? The Atmosphere6)Shortest attack route between the U.S.S.R and the U.S.A is the? Canada Arctic North7)When did the government pass the Trans-Canada highway act?19498) In the 19th to 20th century why was Canadians ethnocentric?Believed there race was superior 8) What region in Canada contains the capital cityCentral Canada.
hey can you print them that way you can put them on construction paper..
genuinely upset that i didn't make it back to continue our witty banter. don't be a stranger..
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/550/feel-like-a-sir-template.jpg.
I'm at work but I wish more than anything that I wasn't so I can see the douchebaggery that I'm sure that link beholds. oh that is lovely. pinky out, tux, ball gown, wine. next time we're going to the same party we're both drinking wine! just the way its going.
You know what they say, wine a little, you'll feel better....
i've always wondered who this "they" fellow is and how he got so damn wise..
cannot think of a witty response, you madam, have trumped me..
finally met your match. battle royale.. i need to not drink again ever.
Whys that?.
i was pretty drunk when i said that so i'm not really sure.. DrInKiNg Is BaD oMg SoMe1 pUt Me On A lEaSh. who's jackie wu? hahaha.
ahahah he is in 6th grade... do you know the old dog?.
i can't say i do, he just threw a friend invite my way and he looked like a gem so i just had to accept.
he's a real charector.
i just found a website that i think you'd find funny, want to see it?.
YEs..
http://www.deathstar.org/~krlipka/wisdom/insults.html these intelligent insults just made me think if your quick wit..
Thats amazing, "A kangaroo loose in her top paddock."  whats a paddock?.
hahahahahhahaha iT MAKES NO SENSE. a paddock is like, an enclosure where you keep horses, or exercise them or some sHIT. "a few clues shy of a solution". HAHAHAHAHA "a medical mystery" amen.
where in gods name did u find this site?.
i honestly don't know.
"Not the same since they took him off his medication." this isn't an insult, just kinda sad....
hahahah that's just genuinely offensive.
"Toys in the attic." <- thats it....
hahahahhahaah im honestly laughing to myself right now.
"If brains were gasoline, he wouldn't have enough to drive a dinky	car around the inside of a cheerio." they went there.
oh my god hahahahaha i didn't even notice that one. golden. "A photographic memory, but the lens cover is glued on.". "All the sex appeal of a wet paper bag." HAHAHAHAHAH what the hell who thinks of these.
Most likely an retired elderly man with mild dementia... so good..
he sounds like someone i'd like to meet.
amen to that sista.
would you like to see the reason i hate everything?.
YES>/.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Uee_mcxvrw this song is popular. i hate everything, kill it all.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35TbGjt-weA.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH MEME OF THE YEAR. that's hilarious. just reread some of our conversation and i'm still luaghing.
Ahaha, that site is divine..
http://marvin.cs.uidaho.edu/~heckendo/usefulPhrases.html.
What am I? Flypaper for freaks!?\.
Someday, we'll look back on this, laugh nervously and change the subject..
ahahahahaahahahahhaha now thats an honest quote.
it describes my life, i don't know how many times it's been approperiate for me to say that.
LOZL.
lozl? that's new. laugh my zucchini off.
http://adsoftheworld.com/media/print/frys_vegetarian_zucchini YES.
i've never had a zucchini before, is that weird? does that make me hipster??????. (please say yes please say yes omg).
Yes, 'chini's are way main stream..
i just scared my cat with my cackle of a laugh at the fact that you called them 'chini's.
thats what us in the know call them, i guess u just wouldnt understand..
well, okay. i'll try and get "in the know" and hopefully i'll someday be as cool and hip and groovy as you.
good luck, you need it.
ouch!!!!! i think im cool ok?. i'm sick. please send some witty humor my way to help cure my sickness. thanks..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=A21wxZKiao8.
oh my god what is this.
ENJOY.
you need to get with him because my penis only has a tip. it's like someone glued an acorn to the bottom of my torso..
LOL #hottie.
ahahahahahahah. thank you for brightening my day. happy april 20th!!!!.
smokin da ganja?.
i wish... i am so sick!.
what wrong with you..
that was VERY hostile..
hahaha. Thats what I WANTED..
just so cruel.
souls are for pussys....
lucky for me i come fully equipped. my god i'm sick..
child, what ales you?.
good question. one day they think it's pneumonia, the next they have no clue!.
Shit, how long have u been sicj. for.
only about 3 or 4 days.
"only".
hahah i'm a tough cookie.
that you are madam.
BUT i'm ready to be able to smoke again. are you up? i'm hoping to hear some witty humor..
Too late..
Its never too late.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization. ZING!.
Zingerrrrr!!!!!. i want candy da da da da da.
Shoulndn't u be in bed.
fuck bed.
Fuck the system!.
you got that right! shouldn't you be in bed?!.
I AM 0.o.
:O did i awaken you?.
I was about to hit they hay then i get "i want candy da da da da da" and had to respond.
that sentence usually brings out the best in people.
or the woarst DUN DUN DUN!. nite.\.
now i'm going to lay awake wondering. goodnight niglet. herpin.
derpin?.
hahahah. yes.
Look at this.https://www.google.ca/.
NEATO!.
1950's.
me gusta. im convincing josh i got ass implants.
http://www.momlogic.com/2008/11/barack_obama_baby_names_popula.php. YEs!.
he believes me. this is so fun. and HAHA obama babies.
He fucking stooped.
he dun goofed.
I think i might just have to get ass implants too.
your curves would be intoxicating.
drunk on my LOVE. BYE.
how goes exams?!.
FUCKING TUFF!.
tuff.
lloolollollollollollol jk, i had art and PD.
haahaha sooo tuff.
How goes not taking exams....
so good heheh. i love not taking exams. i'm baked as a cake right now and it doesn't even matter.
HAHha, would it have mattered when u did have to take exams....
honestly? no.
haha, YOLo.
that is what the kids are saying these days, after all.
You`re pretty hippppÉ.
you're pretty shaky with a keyboard. hahaaha.
FUCKING FRENCH KEY BOARD :(.
fucking FRENCH. in general. what a tough language.
I am so glad my parents didnt sign me up when i was a wee lad....
me too!. when i was a wee lad!.
Wee las.... GET IT RIGHT....
i was right the first time... if you catch my drift.
DUH DUH DUH!.
hehehe.
Sell any good TV`s latly..
i donno i am clueless as to what a good tv is hahaha. i just pretend to know what i'm talkin about hahaha.
Hhaha, play it cool, nice technique..
thank you so much.
Yeah, as your hero that probably means alot....
you aren't wrong.
Never am....
woah now.
Its really shitty being so smart.....
oh i bet.
You`re probably in the same situationÉ.
my cat is so high right now.
haahhahahah what is it doingÉ.
i put on flinstones and shes sitting on the ground watching it.
Hahah, so are u a cat personÉ.
i like cats and dogs.
What do u like moreÉÉÉ.
its impossible to choose.
U are on a lava boat dog in one hand cat in the other.... can only take one....
dog. shit.
So the truth comes out.... I am a cat person http://www.google.ca/imgres?um=1&hl=en&sa=N&rlz=1C1SKPL_enCA414CA414&biw=1366&bih=643&tbm=isch&tbnid=-uh_cIY0V9pVdM:&imgrefurl=http://www.aquaboards.com/showthread.php%3F76431-Does-anyone-know-how-to-stop-being-a-member-of-this-forum/page87&docid=fMza6XWyNQbnkM&imgurl=http://www.bbc.co.uk/doctorwho/gallery/s3_03gallery/1024/23.jpg&w=1024&h=768&ei=zqfWT9nKNOqJ6AHO1u2yAw&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=173&vpy=182&dur=318&hovh=194&hovw=259&tx=104&ty=124&sig=112931374458569280352&page=1&tbnh=127&tbnw=165&start=0&ndsp=21&ved=1t:429,r:0,s:0,i:98.
hey, I know I just posted on your wall but I thought you'd really,really like this. http://i.imgur.com/u4Ahx.jpg Windows 8 has minesweeper ADVENTURE mode..
Holy shit that looks amazing... Now i just need windows 8....
It's only 40$. my dad has it!.
is there a torrent for it???.
hahha. Do you speak Leet?.
I don't even know what that means... :'(.
Hahaah good!. You should go on Peacebus with meSrsly. There's a spot open.
Mh, I wish, but I am JCing this summer..
Ight. Yeah man. Sure.
Thanks man.
Hey man, when you and jack made that documentary you guys used a shotgun mic right? I was wondering if I could borrow that from you if you aren't using it these days, because I'm also making a documentary for english and I'm looking for audio gear.
Hey man, we used the shotgun mic but it was really shit. It only recorded in mono. What we ended up doing was using a lapel mic and a little recorder for interviews. Im not home right now but when i get home later 2nite ill look for all of my shit and give it 2 jack tomorrow..
Oh man that would be fantastic, thank you!. Yo dawg, jack told me you're saying McGill over U of T for CS. What are the advantages?.
hey man, yea I would say that U of T for compsci is still really good. It really depends on what you are interested in. McGill CS tends to be more formal, meaning a large basis is in maths and theory. But it is more practical in later years. McGill cs is also a lot smaller than U of T cs in terms of student population which is nice because you can get to know profs bettter. Also idk if you are interested in AI or machine learning at all, but McGill is the place 2 be if you are interested in that..
Okay that's super helpful!. Hey man what is your opinion of the concurrent arts and sciences degree @ Mcgill?.
Do they even offer that at McGill? I would say that getting 2 bachelor degrees sounds like a good idea, but you are probably better off doing a masters instead.. Oh shit do u mean Bachelors of Arts and Science? Yea, i like it. It can be hard cause u kinda need 2 split ur brain between the two subjects. But it is also nice for that same reason. I like it a lot..
Yea sorry. That was what I meant. Do you find you wished you had had more electives or was it nice to just get in to your two areas of interest?.
well you have 2 do the freshman requirements so u kinda get 2 do some random stuff. also 36+36+30 are ur required credit hours so there are 18 credit hours that you can use for electives on top of what electives you take in arts for freshman requirements. That said, I am using all of my electives 2 take CS stuff..
Okay cool, thanks dude.
np.
Hey man, so I accepted at Mcgill! I was just wondering, I know there isn't any co-op program at Mcgill for work placements during the summer, but Jack told me you got some jobs during the summer. How did that work exactly? Like did you arrange those yourself? Is there a certain channel at Mcgill that you go through to find those work placements? Let me know.. I mean like CS related jobs.
Generally speaking McGill doesn't do much to help you find a job, but that said, if you know where to look there are some good resources. There is a website at McGill called myFuture, which has jobs posted on there, and you can search for CS related jobs and such. I never had much luck looking on there though. Also some times you will get emails from the CS department abt jobs opening at McGill for small coding projects or with other companies. There is also a CS/Engineering job fair held every September and January where a bunch of companies come and you can find out abt what they do and give them ur resume and shit. That where I got my current job. Another thing that you can do, and where I got the job I had prior to this job is just make a spreadsheet with a list of all the tech companies in the area you want to work, (In my case I did Fredericton) and their phone numbers and call them up and ask about openings. A lot of places won't post that they are looking for interns cuz its too much work, but they will hire you if you can prove that you would be worth it. I would really recommend that you call rather than email because it is a great way to stand out from other ppl who are just emailing. It will take more time but it pays off in the end. I was talking to my boss from last summer, and he said that the only reason I got an interview was because I called, which made me stand out. The most important thing for finding a job is just volume. Apply to as many places as you can, even if you feel under qualified for it! The worst thing that is gonna happen is they won't respond. Having a good CS resume is also important, you can look around online for some resources for making a good one. There is a torrent out there for a book called "Cracking the coding interview", which is a really great read for prepping for interviews. In the beginning they mention how to make a CS resume look and what it should contain. Take the time to work on it, cause it can really help u get a job. CS degrees are in demand, but it can be tough to find a job after first year, or even after second year, but just be persistent and you will find one. Once you start getting experience then people will want to hire you, I got 6 or 7 offers this summer, and thats just because I had experience in the past..
Wow okay thanks a lot man, super helpful. I'll probably work at the calithumpians again after first year but this is great to know for future planning. Appreciate it!.
np man. Congrats on getting in btw.
Thx dude. Yo dude, got another question for you. For a  CS student, is there a certain OS that is better? Like Mac vs Windows..
Mac is better than windows i guess. But Linux is better than both. What i did is install a dual boot onto a windows machine so u can use windows and linux.
Hmmm okay cool. Never used Linux before, I know it's really finicky. What are the main reasons its better?.
Um basically the command line is us really useful. If u install Ubuntu  which is a flavor of Linux it is pretty stable. Over all it comes down to preference. There are ppl w every os, it doesnt really matter that much..
Okay cool, good to know. Thanks dude!.
Np.
Hey Dan, just making my course selections and was wondering if you had any suggestions for Arts and Science in regards to comp. sci.
I would take all of your arts sci required courses in first year just to get them out of the way. I did MATH 240MATH 140MATH 133COMP 202ECON 230ECON 227COMP 206COMP 273is what i did in first year. I wish i had just done all of my freshman requirements right away tho. Comp 202, comp 206, comp 250 and comp 273 are all reasonable courses to take in first year.
okay dope, cause  I was a little taken aback by the lack of first year comp sci options. thoughts on Math 140 vs 150?.
Yea, 150 is pretty rigorous and mostly math majors, i would only do it if u like math a lot. It really depends on how good u are at math..
well I took AP calculus this year, I wouldn't say I love math but 140 would be entirely review... then again that might not be terrible. when you say rigorous what do you mean?.
Yea, i guess what i would say is that its the same content but you are competing against better students so they have to make the quizes and final more challenging. I hear that 150 is really hard because its all kids who are exceptional at math. What you could do is sign up for 150 and if u feel like its too hard just switch into math 140 before add drop ends..
Hmm, that sounds pretty bad, thanks for the info. In terms of formative sciences, any that you recommend?. Any that would be more useful for cs/ are interesting. Obv comp 202.
I took the environment one. ESYS 104 it was pretty interesting.. Phys 131 was okay.
Okay cool, I was considering that so good to know.
Yea first year is a bit a of grind tbh. Like they kinda make u take a bunch of dumb classes. But once u hit second year u can start with the good shit. 202 and 250 are the comps i would recommend for first year..
Okay dope, thanks a million man.
Ye np! Good luck on exams dude!.
You missed a video chat with Peter.. Oh my bad dude didn'y meant to call you.
Lol. Sall good.
Didn't get into comp 250 cause it was completely full, got into comp 206 instead. Should I try and switch?.
Comp 206 is a good course to take in first year. I would say 250 is better though..
In what ways is 250 better would you say?.
It is more of a continuation of 202. 206 is kinda random. Who is teaching 206 btw.
I will get back to you on that. Yeah I would rather take 250. There didn't seem to be a waiting list when I signed up.
Some classes don't have waiting lists.
Man that sucks. Ay what kind of calculator will I need for freshman math stuff?.
You dont get to use one in math classes. For other classes i got the Casio fx-911 plus C which is pretty good!.
Ok thanks duder.
Lol np. You move into ur res yet?.
Yep, been here for a few days now.
Oh nice!.
Yeah it's aight, I ended up in Solin so still getting used to cooking my own food and stuff but its aight.
Oh damn,  everyone i know who went to solin ends up being really close w/ everyone there apparently..
Yep its definitely got that vibe. Ay you got any textbooks I could buy off you for like comp 202 and phys 131 and stuff?.
Hey man, naw. I usually just torrent my text books..
Hey.
 Yea. I set it up today..
oh so sorry!! i saw a message from earlier and was confused. okay good yay thank you :).
No problem.
Hi! Where are ya. Hey! Just wanted to say the feature looks great!! i think the repetition of the illustration is really nice. just a mini reminder of if we could have the font for the feature to be the same as the font for the rest of the website and also if the mcgill tribune logo could be centered at the top! but otherwise they look great!!!.
Oh shoot. I forgot about the font. Ill make those changes by the end of the day.
no problem! the changes look great thank you so much :). Hi! When are you coming in?.
8. Is that okay?.
yep! there are 3-4 web design-y things, we'll do our best to get those in earlier next week! clare's started working on some of them :).
Okay, sounds good. see you in a bit!.
:). Yes you got the box with the best kinds yay.
Lol yeee.
Hey! Almost here?.
Yea sorry. I am still eating..
Hey! the talk i was telling you about on making the globe and mail digital etc is today at 130! https://www.facebook.com/events/1811593469163575/. (just reminding :)).
:'( cant goooooo. I have to do a code dem at 2 :'(.
Aww 💔 you could come for the first half hour dep on where it is at 2! If not totally understand. There's a question/answer period probably so if there's a web related question you have that would be great and I'll ask him!!.
okay cool, I'll try to think of one!.
:). Hi! Julia has a long news article coming out that she wants out tomorrow, so can that be a priority?.
What does she need from me? Like is it like a feature?.
Yes believe so.
yea sure.
im goi.g.now!.
k.
Want a lift?.
no im good.
Ok. Hey denny how is school? Hows your homework load? How do you like your teachers? What your favourite class? ...oh by the way i found your ipod in my basement..
Thanks for breaking the silence, it was kinda awkward. can u put the ipod in your mail box?.
Right now?. And yaaa things get kinda awki sometimes when im not around.
RIGHT NOW! (ill get it tmr).
Want me to just give it to president chris lutes.
Yeah, good thinking kiddo!.
Did you do assignment 5.2? I'm stuck... There are so many different types of nonharmonic tones..... oh shit. I'm sorry Daniel....that was meant for a Daniel Brit, not Lutes.....
dont make that mistake agian.... or else..
Hey, check out 'Flight of the Conchords - Mutha'uckers' on youtube.:D.
lol! :D.
you like it:P.
hah yeah].
thought u would! if you liked that check out Leggie blond:P its murfey singing!. All of thoes beauties any many more are on the first and second disks.You can borrow them if you wish. Can i ask your opinion on something?.
yeah sure.
i sorta, like one of your friends. and before i say anything i want you to promise me you wont menchion what i say to anyone..
Yeah okay, who is it, is it jack ball.
haha, howd ya know?. Sorry, i didnt get back to u in a while. havent been able to get on. balls been crazey!.
Haha I guessed :).
bahah, good guesser u are:P! well, any whoo,, iv heard some pretty nasty stuff about him, and i was wondering if you thought inspite of it that he was a good guy?.
hahaha what nasty stuff have u heard??!?!? and yeah hes a nice guy.
just some things,, involving his ego,, and him telling some girls they wernt good enough for him this year. ofcourse i dont believe rumers, but, iv heard the same sad story from viable sources. whatever.
oh.
ya, but i didnt hear his side of the story.  along the way it could have been elabarated( thats not how u spell that but i dont care)..
hah.
ya, but it dosnt matter anyways. i wasnt planning on soing anything about it any time soon.. and, ahhhhhhhh yea, we just won our first game by th by:p.
What sport?.
i made th jv bal team this year.
oh wow good job!.
Thanks! we crushed Leo hays! 60 31...:P i think ittle be a good season.
Hahaha.
ya:D iv also got a fat lip and a welt on my 4 arm.:p.
hahaha, that sucks.
honestly its not that bad, iv had worse;D its more like wresseling then basketball. tehe. Happy birthday!.
hahaha thanks.
anytime!:) Your 15, congrats:P.
hahahaha, such a acomplishment.
hahahahaha:) well, its one year closer to 16.:0P.
hahaha yeah i know! :D.
Hey.
 Hey, Im in Math 240. I saw your comment in the group and want to compare assignments. I am not super confident in my Venn Diagram or in 5c. Do you want it in PDF or Word?.
yo dude. just getting properly started in the assignment. but here's what i've got so far. .
Have you taken a look at 5c Yet?.
nope!. trying to finish an OS assignment and prepare for a chinese test first. then i'll jump to 5C. is the rest of it pretty easy?.
The rest took like 20 min but im stuck on 5c.. one sec ill send it. .
sweet, thanks!. also my girlfriend looked at the diagrams. and she's doing her masters in maths here :D.
Well that is a strong endorsement! I am a U0 and am beginning to feel out of my depth. ahahah.
hahaha. if you finished the rest so quickly, i think you'll be fine. what is your major?.
Im art-sci. So CompSci and Econ are my majors Wbu?.
comp sci. 1 year left. well, 2 years, including this one.
Cool whats a fun Comp Sci class I should take in the future? or is that an oxymoron....
hahaha. they can be fun :D. the early on ones... maybe not so much.
Im in Comp 202 rn and its kinda lame..
yup. it used to be awesome. i helped teach it last year :-). when it was still awesome lol. or no... fuck, that might've been two years ago. nah, it was last year. COMP 529 was nice though.
Haha, I havent gone to many of the classes.... it may not be that bad... ahaah.
not sure about now. the teachers are lacklustre now. used to have a much better one.
My prof is a PhD candidate....
tremblay?.
naw. His name is Juan Camilo Gamboa Higuera.
dunno him.
He seems like he is doing his best ahah. Are u planing on meeting up with the others after class tmr?.
not sure. i might need to finish this OS assignment. and i won't be able to make class because i'll still be doing my thing at a regulvar training session.
Regular training session?.
regulvar, it's a building automation company. i'm doing a training session :-). working on building mesh networks for home automation systems. but it'd end up competing with regulvar and delta machines. so i'm getting to know their product and marketing strategy better.
So are you working for them?.
no. just attending the session with a laboratory. no my laboratory. one in concorida. who were kind enough to let me join in :-). what're you hoping ot do with comp sci?.
Ideally a start up. Maybe grad school. Not a whole lot of direction. Wbu?.
not sure yet. :-). maybe grad school. kind of want to do a biophysics phd.
Fuck man, That is intense.....
you'd be surprised actually :D. sounds intense. isn't all that hard. mostly just a matter of understanding libraries and piecing things together in a useful fashion.
Well at least it sounds impressive! Do you know where you want to go to grad school?.
sure as hell sounds impressive, yeah! :D. umm.... not really. wherever they won't force me to take classes :D. my girflriend started her PhD in Vienn and they didn't have to take classes there. that'd be sweet.
Thats really cool. Do u wanna be a prof?.
that'd be sick. but.... starting my own company would be nice :-). the mesh networking stuff is interesting. and its applications to building automation and control is interesting. biochemistry and biophysics startups are rare, but it would be something to examine. any idea what sort of startup you'd want to do?.
Not a clue. Hopefully it will hit me before I finish my undergrad degree... ahahah.
haha. i'd imagine it wil. startups are getting popular at mcgill.
Really? Have u ever done a hackathon here/?.
never as a participant. but i have monitored and helped organise onee.
Oh cool. Do a lot of ppl attend?.
yup!!.
They seem cool!. anyways im gonna keep looking into 5c. HMU if u find an answer!. also should we say we worked together like he asked. or is that something that isnt really done..
meh. we can say we compared answers for correctness. we didn't really work together on it :D.
True. Just send me urs when you finish it.
sounds good!. will be comparing to yours again when i'm done. haven't looked at your answers just yet. need to figure out this stuff :D. and not fail the course.
ahah yea. Good luck :Pahah.
thanksee!. have a good night, dude!.
u 2!.
did you end up meeting with the other 240 people?.
naw, I had  a class after it. I dont know if they met.. Have you looked at 5c yet?.
not just yet. hoping to get there tonight :-).
Alright. HMU when you get it!.
yo!. 5c is on the boards now. i got fuckin stuck on a typo for ages.
Yeah, i figured it out today!. Have you finished yet?.
i'm at this point :-)very close!. just the set idenities stuff to do. which i'm about to finish. and then print. and then turn the sucker in. you already printed?.
Yeye.  I wrote mine up on latex yesterday. It took sooo long.
Haha :D. Latex takes a while to get used to.
Yeah definitely.  I figured I might as well learn it now..
i remember i learned latex because i had to :D. a document i was working on simply got too big with too many citations and figures for word to handle.
Ahaha. Did u use the template he gave us?.
no. already have a template i made for myself last year :-). want me to send it your way?.
Ahaha. It made formating kinda hard..
it's pretty simple.
Sure dude..
. i'll be adding it to the sleek latex templates group soon :-).
There is a sleek templates group? Ahhahahaahah.
there's this set of templates: http://www.latextemplates.com/. and then i maintain another set of templates. because i got pissed off at how they choose to define their templates, making them hard to modify.
Hey man have you looked at assignment 2 yet?.
nope!. when's it due?. don't tell me tonight.
Haha. not till next thurs..
oh phew. i'll look at it tomorrow :D. you started it?.
http://www.math.mcgill.ca/vetta/Math240.dir/h2.pdf.
and i'm plannign on not doing it last minute this time.
does q 3 b.
seemed like a novel concept to try out.
What does the sign "|" mean. is question 2b. Does it mean divides by.
is divisible by :-). for any x, y, show 4 is a factor of (x^2 + y^2), x and y are both not odd. ... we think. yup!.
okay that makes sense. I have never seen that sign b4. haha I started the assignment questions 2-5 are pretty easy, but 1 and 6 were tough for me... How long do you think it will take to get our mark back?.
for the first assignment?. maths usually has the grades within a week or two.
not bad. Do we get it on my courses?.
yup! :D.
Yo, have u done anywork on the assignment?.
starting just now :-).
Let me know when u finish 4 and 5. I wanna compare answers. Also in case u weren't in class we got assignment 1 back..
when? yesterday?.
No it was Friday I think!.
woah wait. we have class on Fridays?. that's no on my schedule :D.
Ahahahhahahahaha. Yeah man.
fml.
Every fridat.
so there are 3 class per week?.
Yeah. Thats why every class is an hour long.
lulz. i need to amend my calendar. oh yeah, there it is :D. look at that.
Ahhaha clearly.  But yeah he gave the assignment back. I think everyone did well on it from what I saw..
oh good :-). he said i skipped too many steps in one of my solutions. but that it should be ok. my girlfriend will be helping me finish up the other parts this afternoon. are we allowed to design an algorithm to prove NP for number one?. or is there a better way?.
Basically you just say that the answer can be checked in polytime and say why. He isnt looking for a super rigorous proof..
cool. also have you looked at the past midterm?. looks like this is one of the classes where the assignments are deadly and the tests are pretty straightforward. ya think they want something like this?.
Yeah I took alook at the midterm and it didnt look bad at all!. Ur answer for 1 is really indepth. I showed him mine and it was like 3 lines and he said it was good..
Hahhaa. Wellp.... Mine should work then! :D.
Haha oh  sure it will!.
just finished!!. dunno if you'll want to do a last minute compare on your side. here it is if you do. sorry it's so damned late.
Ahahah I already printed mine..
Fingers crossed method it is!.
Yo, have u started assignment 4?.
Did a couple things haven't gotten far. Night be using this one as my skipped. 2 tests and 3 assignments all tomorrow.
Yeah I am thinking  the same. Not cuz im busy, but because  i dont get this shit at all!.
hahaha, it was isabel bro, she thought that you was funny and handsome, but dont tell her that i told you! hahahaha, yeah,your hair needs to grow up, i prefer the real daniboy than voldemort!kisses in your ass!.
ahaahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahhahahahaahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahah, WHAT THE FUCK, "Kisses in your ass"??? hahahah do u mean kiss my ass hahaha.
hahaha, yes! i think you understood!my cousin in going to canada today, but he will stay in vancouver, 6 months.
thats sweet!  is it the same thing as ilan is doing???.
yesss, but ilan is doing only in january, and me next year!! but i dont know where i go yet.
ahahha everyone is comming to canada!! u should come to fredericton!.
yes, here in salvador is really commun going to canada ou new zealand. but i want something new, like australia. i dont know yet.
ahahh australia, i heard they are all rednecks!.
wtf is that?.
here, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redneck.
ok. ill try in portuguese. hahaha. jst a second.
ahahah.
fuck. my computer is really slowly.
hahahahah, welll u live in the jungle...!! :D :D.
RIGHT.
ahaha, so is ur cousin here yet?.
too slowly. yeaah. he traveled today. i think he is not in canada yet.
why do people come here, for english?.
not only.
what else?.
cause is a nice country,nice people, security, is not too expensive, and its really cool on winter. many things. here most of people with 16, go live in another country for 6months or 1 year. my sister stayed in spain, but i dont want europe.
why not europe?.
cause only in england speaks english.
true true what about usa?.
i went there twice....
ah i see, i see, well canada is pretty sweet... (not really).
hahahaha. i have like 10 friends in canada right now.
ahaha who??.
you want them facebooks?. their/them, i dont know.
ahahah like where are they from?\.
from brazil. my school.
ahhhh i see, that makes scence so do they all go to the west coast?.
probally. vancouver,victoria,montreal. no ones in quebec i guess.
man thats cool, got to love canada!.
hahahahahah. this year everybody is going to canada. last year everybody was going to new zealand. and i dont wanna go to a country with many brazilians.
Go to North Korea!.
wtf. hahahaha.
hahahah do it!! u can learn korean!.
if next year, only a few brazilians go to canada, i can go there.
DOOOO it!!! :D :D.
hahahahaha.
go to montreal so i can visit!] thats where my brother wants to go to university@=!].
hahahaha. ok. ill think about it. you will not live in another country?.
hahah :)  i wish.... :( but my parents dont want to move.....
yes. but only yoou. you dont need your parents.
what is the name of the program???.
witch program?. is like. we talk with a business. enterprise(i dont know). we pay them. and they found a family for us, and one school. but we choose the city.
ah, i think we have that in canada, i will google it!.
try it. lets go to australia togheter next year.
hehe, i am going to north korea!.
hahahahaha. ok.
so do u still talk with sofia.
yes. everyday. we skype.
shit man, thats sweet, how far is it from salvador to Quito?.
ah. i dont know. maybe 5 hours by plane.
and in car?.
hahaha. days,weeks. you should be with isabel at the camp.
haha, u should have told me!!!!.
i told you man!.
when?!?!.
but you said that you have kind a girlfriend in canada. not a girlfriend yet.
hehe, well well, i dont care, i would have done it. but Corto got her!.
hahahaha. yes. you such a fucking loserrrrr.
hahahahhhahahahaha :D :D :D corto got there first i couldnt do anything....
hahahahhaa. ok.
but u could have told me earlier! ;0.
but i didnt knew it.
ahhhh i see isee, well maybe next time... :P :P haha.
hahaha. and now this girl is your real girlfriend?.
ahah did u see what amanda posted to laim?.
yes.
eheheh.
i 'like' it. hahaha.
ahahah soo cute! :P.
hahahaha. she loes him. loves.
hehe. but he doesnt love her!.
hahaha. he is mean. he shaved his head.
hahah, i didnt work she still loved him!.
hahahaha. yes i know. she lives next to him. he should visit her.
hahahah, i dont think he wants to 1!! hahaha.
hahaha.
ahah, so does rios still talk to ricky!.
hahaha. i dont know,. i think luisa forgives ricky. and they will meet each other.
meet each other???.
when your school starts?. yes.
um in like 10 day, do u have school tmr?.
tmr?.
tomorrow.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. NIIIIIIIICE. LOSEEEEER.
hahahhahahah do u???.
do u what?.
have school tmr?.
what is tmr?. ah tomorrow. yes i have.
ahahahahhahaha i dont losser!.
yes you are, cause i had school since 1 month ago. and your starts tomorrow.
hahah mine starts in 10 days not 1. hahah.
aaaaaaaaaaah. omg. now everything make scence. hahahah.
hahahahha! !! buut ur still a loser.
hahahahaha. always. thank you, you write it in my book.
hahaha :D hey i showed my mom the picture u made of me and liam, she laughed for like an hour!.
hahahahahahahaha. its awsomee.
i know man its beutiful, man i got to go, ill talk to u later.
. Hi. It is still available from May 1 till 31st of August. It is $775..
Okay, do you have any pictures of the place?.
. . .
looks nice! So who else would be living there over the summer?.
in the bigger bedroom there will be 2  students staying, and I am still looking to sublet the living room.
are they a couple?.
Hey.
 I did it and im still in the kitchen. If u want help. I just put the one in the wrong spot..
Hey.
 Hey. My number is 506 261 0224. And my email is Daniel.lutes@mail.mcgill.ca.
yo r u good with photoshop.
Im decent y?.
wait nvm.
lol kk.
dude so i wanna get started on revamping the website. have u learned anything about wordpress?.
Yea. http://www.creativebloq.com/web-design/free-wordpress-themes-712429 From that list pick a couple of templates that u think would be good for the site. I can make specific changes to any template. Just pick a couple so i can get a sense of the style you want for the site..
Tru will do when I get home!! Also here is the info for sus website - username: admin pass: Xjfn7KWBnBv7E5FS if u just wanna poke around and see how it works.
Okay thanks. Did the last webdev do an exit report?.
i dont think so but heres the exit report for vp comms and i highlighted headings that might be relevant for you. .
Okay cool, thanks!.
also for the wordpress template i think the top/cover photo part of hemingway is p nice and the body of panoramica is good for actually putting info on the page. http://andersnoren.se/themes/hemingway/. http://demos.cpothemes.com/panoramicapro.
Okay cool. I am at work right now. Ill take a look at these this weekend. also do u like this site http://sus.ubc.ca/.
damn dats clean. like the template looks good but our sus website will have way more info than that one. also looks like a lot of other wordpress themes but i guess all the free ones all looks similar anyways.
Yea, tru. If you see any site other styles let me know!.
hey so when would you be able to start working on the website? it should start fairly soon bc its nearing school year and freshmen are probs starting to look at tit. it*.
Yea, i can start this weekend. Are you free some time Saturday to talk more about the redesign?.
im p busy all day sat either tmr or sunday would be better!.
I have work tmr, so Sunday.. What time on Sunday works 4 u?.
doesnt matter! i think its pretty open for me.
Okay. Lets say 1pm EST tentatively  for Sunday!.
sounds good!.
hey whats up..
Hey!!. Can't find my laptop one sec.
kk.
found it soo have u played around w/ wordpress a bit.
ya.. Did u want to do a call 2 talk. It would be easier.
tru k need 2 get dressed.
lol. kk. When ur ready go to this link. https://appear.in/sus-web.
im on it and idk if its working lol.
Can u hear me?.
no?.
oh shit lol i can hear u one sec. http://sus.ubc.ca/contact/. http://sus.ubc.ca/about/.
Jeremy Goh	President	president.sus@mail.mcgill.caJasmine Leung	VP Academic	academic.sus@mail.mcgill.caZiyaan Harji	VP Internal	internal.sus@mail.mcgill.caSebastian Morales	VP External	external.sus@mail.mcgill.caEllie Joung	VP Communications	communications.sus@mail.mcgill.caSibat Anam	VP Finance	finance.sus@mail.mcgill.caSusan Ding	Executive Revenue Officer	ero.sus@mail.mcgill.caReem Mandil	Executive Administrator 	admin.sus@mail.mcgill.caMary Helmer-Smith	Executor of Clubs and Services	ecs.sus.mcgill@gmail.com.
lol were u about 2 say something.
nah.
kk. Hey, do u know the FTP password?.
whats that.
Its the File Transfer Protocol password for the site.. The old webdev would know.
damn lemme ask. The username and password are the same as the website login apparently.
I checked and it isnt.
Lol ofc. try this: Username: SUS (all capital) Password: d5zKrwAmc5xRYtBr2npm48B6.
that didn't work. Ahah that response sounded really sassy lol. I was at work and didn't want my boss to see me on fb so I wrote it quick. Are you asking the former web dev about the passwords?.
Nah i didn't think that lol yea I emailed but apparently he had a lot of issues working so idk I'm asking around tho!!!!!!. hey i forwarded u the email from the past web designer for tfp password! i think its the same password u tried tho if it doesnt work try emailing him back?.
Yea, I tried it and it didn't work. Ill talk to the guy and see whats up. Thanks!!.
Alright let me know how it goes!! This proj needs to start before aug 😎.
Hey, the godaddy password doesn't work either. Could you get me the proper password for that? I think I could reset the FTP password on godaddy.. ps, I got the password from the exit report.
I think only Marvin the past web designer knows the godaddy one!!. Sorry I couldn't be much of help, the past vp comms didn't leave me too much to work with lol. Can u email him and if he doesn't reply, I'll scavenge for his number.
Okay, no worries. I just sent him an email so we will see what he says..
Ok!. . *marvin fyi lol.
Lol. Still havent got a reply from Marvin. Anyway you could find the login information.
lol will get back to u today. can you try this for godaddy. GODADDY	communications.sus@mail.mcgill.ca	Burnsidebasement2016. and if not marvins # is 5144630748.
Thanks Ill checkout it out. yea, it didnt work. But, can you search the SUS email for any receipt sent from godaddy, and forward it to me?.
ugh. i did!.
Hey, there should be an email in your inbox, if you follow the link you should be able to set the password up and change it to what ever you want. The email only works for 2 hours then it dies. If the email fails let me know, I will activate it again..
did it!. 129555976. username. password is ChickenNoodle25.
ahah, nice password. Thanks!.
WOOHOO. did marvin help or nah.
Nah, havent heard from him since I called him mark lol.
hahaha.
uhh, I didint know that GoDaddy didn't do our hosting, it looks like they only license us the domain. Do you know who host's our site?.
um. no i dont know what a host site is. wordpress..?.
naw, probably not. Hosting is basically what company owns the server that our site sits own. Because its address sus.mcgill, McGill may do the hosting..
ahh have u texted marvin?. i dont think anybody in sus exec would know.
naw, not yet, was he the web dev last year, or 2 years ago?.
Last year.
Oh shit, how come he doesnt know any of the passwords?. Also, is he the guy you guys had a problem with?.
Dude idk web designers weren't too great in the past. I think so. I think there were problems with both tbh. But don't tell other execs I said this if u come across them lol.
lol, ya no shit. I'll text Marvin and see if he responds. ahah, thanks.
Ok! Gl!!.
Hey, I talked with Marvin, and he told me that I should talk to Computer Task Force. Is there a specific person there who deals with SUS/ is there a contact you can give me to talk to?.
Ah makes sense. I know the chair/prez is Francisco but I don't know their contact. I'll go into the office today and figure out!.
Thanks!.
Forgot lol tmr!!.
ahaha kk.
hey! so havent heard back from ctf yet :/ im gonna go badger them again. but can you update these contents?. 1. http://sus.mcgill.ca/your-sus/corporate-relations/ ^at the bottom of the page, in the last sentence of the paragraph under the heading 'Partnership Opportunities', it says to contact "ero@sus.mcgill.ca"Could I get that changed to "ero.sus@mail.mcgill.ca"?. 2. Same page, get rid of all the sponsors and just say "Coming soon!".
Hey, I went to make those changes for you, and the SUS site is down.... is it also down for you?>.
ugh omg i think ctf is doing something. i talked to the prez tho and he said he'd email me the passwords.
Sweet. Hopefully I can get those passwords soon, this has been an insane ordeal. lol.
yea i know ppl r really slow but after this it should be fine!!.
ahaha, yea. Just let me know when you get the passwords, and ill get to work!.
aight ty :). websites back!.
Sweet! Did they give u the new password?.
lol he left our office to send me the email on his computer then he never did. just fb messaged him we'll c. I GOT THE PASSWORD. FORWARDED TO UR  EMAIL.
Sweet! I get started on it tonight!. Hey, the site is still down :(.
Yea I was trying to go on it and if u keep refreshing it it does come up. Idk what the issue is I'm gonna email fran the ctf prez about it. i think its good now!.
Lol. Yea i can see it now.
amazing. plz edit the corporate relations page asap! other execs r askin.
Ya. Changes are up.
thanks!. also i would recommend starting on the reformating especially cuz frosh/move in is coming up!! lmk if u need pics of campus/anything!.
Okay sure thing! Imma start tmr when i get off work..
yea no worries, im emailing u pics/bio of the new execs fyi!.
Kk. Hey can u send me a bunch of images for the site..
Yep!! On it rn!. The website looks nice btw!! Asked other execs for feedback. Image sent on ur email, u might need to rotate it a little + more images will come post frosh!!.
Hey, the photo doesnt fit when it is cropped. ARe there any other photos you can send me that are landscape?. Also can you send me the SUS logo and stuff. Also is there a new graphic designer?.
Will send sus logo and photo when I get back!. Currently there isn't cuz the one who was supposed to do it dropped out mid summer. What's up.
Nothing, just curious!.
hey! the pic on the page looks nice :) tho id say make sure somebody wont get mad for not being credited lol.
Yea idk what the deal is with that pic.. Ill look in to the copyright rules 4 it. It should be fine..
ok thank u!!. hey just realized u updated the exec page, it looks good! i just remembered i didnt send u one person lol so ill send that thru email now!.
Ahaha. Yea i noticed it was missing some one.. Kk, its up there.
ty!!. hey! for one of the home page photos, can you add this one in and make it a slide show type of thing? And when they click the picture, make it go to the website susfrosh.com?. https://www.facebook.com/ScienceOrientationWeek/photos/a.531911203538076.1073741828.525538540842009/1213185928743930/?type=3&theater.
kk. Im at work rn, so I'll do it when i get home.
yea yea no worries, any thing i ask u to do is not super urgent, if it is ill specify!.
kk its up now.
sent u an email about changes in the contents of the website! would u be able to complete it by wednesday? i have other changes i havent gone through. also please remove the insta icon from the website!.
kk made those changes. I didnt add the guy who doesn't have a pic to the Meet SUS Team page. When you get the photo send me the photo and I will add it!.
Oh ya He didn't send yet will do soon!!. Yo u r in science right.
art sci.
Ok good haha. i found small things to be changed! in about us, 1 senator(not senators) and external&philanthropic events to sustainability events.
Kk.
yo do u think u will want to use indesign or photoshop for any of the work?.
Probs not. Why?.
our vp internal is ordering it and was wondering but thats fine!.
Kk. I already have photoshop. So its all good.
yo so prep 101 wants to design a new ad for the website. what do u think is an appropriate size of the ad if its going to be a rectangular one?. also can u change the photo of frosh on home page to this https://www.facebook.com/ScienceOrientationWeek/photos/a.525545434174653.1073741827.525538540842009/1183366851725838/?type=1&theater. and in the box write: 70% SOLD OUT! Click on the photo to register.
For the prep 101 thing I would say tell them to make it over 1500 px in its smallest dimension. also you should get them to make the pic landscape. it will look better on the site like that..
I think they want height and width!!.
lol. yea make it width: 2000 px height: 1000 px.
. !!reminder to change the photo on the home page!. also can u look over the academic portfolio events and revise the changes according to the doc i sent u? some of the committees names are wrong.
sorry forgot about the image thing. its up now. ill look at the academic portfolio stuff later 2nite.
Ok thanks!!. hey are you busy rn? i am about to ask a small-ish favour.
I am working rn, whats up?.
im writing the sus listserv and would like another banner than the one already there.
Yea, sure. I can do it now.
it looks like this rn but i would like the photo to be the one from the website and the font of "listserv" to be something more appealing lol. thank u so much :).
So this is for the listserv, not the site right?.
yea which is why this is a favour bc i currently dont have a graphic designer :/.
Oh, yea. sure. no problem!!. Do you want the logo?.
yeye it has to be there i will sent u one!.
Okay great!.
i sent u an email of the drop box with all the logos. sus logo master.psd is the one needed but i wasnt sure it was a vector.
okay, what dimension do you want for the image.
600px wide x any height.
Do you know what font is used in the logo.
asking around rn.
I figured it out!.
ok!.
actually nvm i thought that I found it. but it is different.
does it look fine? honestly the font is so ugly i wouldnt care if its not the exact same.
lol tru. ill email it to u.
or i can ask other execs if i can just include the red logo and not the big SUS word so that everything can be in diff font?.
its fine i think.
ok!.
kk i sent it 2 ur gmail. if there are any changes let me know.
did u send it to comms email?. i dont see it.
Naw, i sent it to ur gmail.
my personal gmail?.
ya. i just replied to ur dropbox share email.
ah i didnt realize ok. the banner looks great!!. is there any way u can straighten the building a little tho?.
I am no using photoshop, so the program I am using doesn't let make small rotations to images like that. i dont think it is very noticeable tho.
yea i thought it was at first but more i look at it more it looks fine haha. r u able to meet some time soon to sign ur contract?.
Yea sure. Doesnt tomorrow afternoon work for you?.
i can do 12-1!.
Sure. Where do u want to meet?.
can u come to the sus office? i have office hours then.
Is there any way i can come at like 1130. I forgot i have work from 12 to 2. Alternatively, you could stop by my place on ur way home and I could sign it then..
yea 11:30 works too!.
Okay great. Where is the office in burnside?.
1b21!. hey can u take our ecs mary helmer-smith off our website? she resigned from the position. would prefer if this could be done asap!.
kk its off!.
thanks!!. O also just noticed agenda coords are still under my committees, plz delete them!.
kk done.
hey just sent u an email regarding the website!.
Kk!. Hey. I looked at the change you want. That could take a while to implement just because of how word press works. I'll look into it a little more, but we may have to compromise on a new design..
ok no worries lmk about it!! its not super urgent but it is something i wanna get done.
Hey its not really super do able.. You can take a look at the site.. I did something similar..
ok thats good! can u add table booking under listserv as well?. also if u can switch the get involved and services tab so that the subsections arent so squished at the corner.
Kk, its up now!.
Wait what's up now?.
the changes.
i dont c them?. also just noticed this but can u make the 3 blocks below the homepage photo clickable to the sections they belong to?.
Sure.
thx!!. yo can u take down mary helmer smith and the ssmu reps from contact section on the webpage?. also plz change the mail exec@mail.mcgill.ca to communications.sus@mail.mcgill.ca!.
Okay sure.
hey could you update the events calendar with these? + the cut out text for november is all samosa sales, the same one as the one from oct. .
kk sure.
.
What are the times for all of the event?. Or are they all day..
herb sale 11-3pm; samosa 11:30-1:30pm. hey can u take down the fuss poster + and the event calendar doesnt show up right. jasmines asking to delete ctf from the standing committees section under get involved.
Kk sure.
hey can u change the standing committees to services. and take out the sentence from table booking that says google form is out of order.
kk!.
hey could you add this under finances plz. . sent u an email! i forgot i already sent u the budget lol ignore that plz. hey can u make the changes i sent u within this week. yo would u want to continue being the web designer for next year.
Yea, I do!.
ok, you need to apply through the form!.
yea, its due on the 22nd right?.
There!! i will talk about it with some of my friends..
Thanks man!.
The Video Tomarrow where?.
You want to record tomorrow?.
i could.
Could we do it Friday insteadÉ.
Oh sure..
perfect, Is it just you.
i guess bud..
Okay, See you then!.
do u know the questions, ur gonna ask?.
Can you meet at Mrs. Prescott's class at the beginning of lunch?.
oh really, i will be there, probably one of my friend..
Perfect! Thanks!.
ur in grade 10, are you?.
Nope, !!. *11.
oh  right.. hey howz goin?. could you send me the video. of interview. thanks.
HEy man. The file is 2.5 Gb man, I cant send it. I could post it on youtube if you want?.
you could save it on my usb? sometime in school... how abt tomarrow in break?.
Sure where and when.
um  in Mrs. Prescotts room in the first break..
Sure!. Hey man here it is!. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcF4VkhD68Y&feature=youtu.be.
Thanks Man..
No problem!.
how do u like video...?. hi Daniel.
Hey man.
Hey.
 Im still not entirely sure of the entire scope of web dev position. In a general sense I am willing to do anything. That is to say that I don't really have anything I would like to avoid. In terms of my current skills, I am probably a little more geared towards front end. I feel like dividing the tasks will be a lot easier when there is a list of all of the duties. What about you? What is your preference/ things you don't want to do?.
I'm interested in working on internal tools for editors (so basically extending Bert) but other than that I tend to shy away from front end. Agreed about having a list though. Plus we'll probably end up having some overlap depending on who's more free in a given week.
Yeah that makes sense. So I guess for the meeting we can say I am front end and u are back end. Just so people can get a general sense of our roles..
. looooooooool dat font on the exit report :P.
Hahahahaha!.
hey I can't find where I wrote down the port number we're supposed to use to ssh into tribble. do you still have it by any chance?.
Yea i have it somewhere one sec..
awesome, thanks!.
I dont have the port number written down so I assume that it is 22..
Sweet, it worked :) thanks.
Np! :). Hey Claire, Julia forwarded an email to me and you about site speed and the 502 error we are getting sometimes. How did you want to split up the work? I worked on site speed for a couple of hours tonight, so did you want to take on the 502 bug? I am not sure if the 502 and the site speed are correlated, but either way, I am cleaning out a bunch of junk from word press..
Hey Daniel! I have a bunch of internship events that are going to keep me busy until Friday and then have a camping trip this weekend so other than Thursday afternoon I probably won't be able to spend a ton of time on this until Monday. In the meantime your plan sounds good. I was looking a bit into 502 errors and it looks like they do happen occasionally with wordpress sites. Hey! How are the site speed issues going?. I suspect that the 502 error is happening because of a PHP request timeout, so if we solve the site speed problem the 502 error should hopefully go away. From the SQL queries it looks like most of the huge drains on time are coming from the current theme, so it might be interesting to see what happens if we set up the new theme on the dev server.
Things are going well with the site speed, although the more I look into the code base the more of a mess I seem to find. I was wondering if the theme was slowing things down. Do you know if Will has started on  adding the theme to the Dev server?.
hey! Hope your summer's been going well :). When I went through our server's logs to figure out what the heck was going on with the 502 error, and it turned out that some ne'er-do-well was spamming the site with POST requests to an obscure wordpress phone app PHP file. When I blocked the IP addresses that were sending all of those requests the 502 error seemed to go away, so I think we should be good on that front. in terms of the redesign: Will made a child theme on the dev server, and I made a google doc with all the stuff that Julia wants us to do on it before we publish to production. I was going to try to fix the "about" page tonight, and then pick off some other items tomorrow. (I shared the google doc with your online editor account).
Sweet! Thats really weird tho! Damn kids and theirs cellphones!!!  Ill take a look at the doc tmr. Is everyone just doing a chunk of the work on the google doc?.
yep! I don't know how much more Will is going to be doing with the redesign, but basically I colour coded all of Julia/Natalie/Will's to-dos based on what we still need to get done. so we can just claim specific things as we go.
Hey, what is the login and password for http://dev.mcgilltribune.com/.
24Rtrb**ssh. with SQ at the end. should be in the exit report pwrd sheet.
yea, okay thats what I thought. I have that here, but I wasn't able to login. What is the user name?.
this is for root I think. if you want gitusr, it's 24RtrbgitSQ.
hmm, yea those are the credentials I am using and I can't get in.
this is for ssh right?. not for the wp-admin page. because wp-admin is the same as for the regular website.
oh, sorry I should have been more clear! This is the for when I view the site on chrome, it asks for a username and password.. .
ohhhh that is tribune and gilmeyer. also I was going to chill/do work/talk to Julia about the webiste in the trib office at 4 if you're free!.
4 tmr?.
yep1. * yep!.
Yea, sure thing! See you then!. Hey, I got the "Become a photographer" thing fixed. as well as the thing that was showing up on the bottom of the page..
Awesome! I was out picking up my desk chair so I could sit down while I worked so I haven't started on the alternate image yet. ok I fixed the thumbnail issue very hackily but it does work!. basically I replaced the current default thumbnail in the parent theme's images folder with the trib logo. hey I switched the theme to the new one.
Okay great!.
hey! Are you heading over to the trib office soon?. hey I think the changes you made to get captions working might have messed up the photo positioning -- check out Julia's comment in the slack.
Yea, I just fixed it.. Word press is killing me. lol.
hahaha tell me about it :P. Hey when did you want to meet up?.
Hmm idk, are u in the office now?.
Not yet.
okay. We can meet there at 730 or 8?.
Sounds good!. Albert's asking after you. what time are you planning on coming down to the trib?.
hey, im just leaving my house now. be there in 10is.
Dope. Hey, do you need a hand with the literary supplement?. Imma be covering PGSS from 6:30-9ish, so I'm basically just chilling in the trib office now. nobody needs me to do anything. so I've got a couple of hours free to get a start on stuff if you need.
I haven't really taken a look at it yet.
haha ok I'll do some bootstrap template perusing then :P.
Okay, cool. Yea, if you could get a start on it that would be cool. Just send me what ever you have when u go 2 PGSS today.
will do.
Also if I don't see you good luck w/ the rest of the campaign! I cast my ballot for you today!.
thanks!! :). hey! Added you to the github repo for the creative supplement. hey do you need a hand with any of the McGill Trombone stuff tonight?. hey so for the exit reports: we just add stuff to the doc that will and matt gave us right?.
hahah i think that is the plan, my plan was to do it after i finished exams..
Haha ok I'm heading out of mtl on the 30th so I'd ideally like to be able to pick up my cheque before then.
yea, i finish on the 24th so I was planning on doing it on the 25th, does that work?.
Yep! :) I'll try to add most of my stuff this weekend since next week is my big exam week.
okay sounds good! Good luck on ur exams!. Hey Clare, hope your summer is going well! Do you have the Digital Ocean login info? I can't find it anywhere.
Hey.
 Hey Ashley, how long is your seminar going to take tmr?.
yo dan. hey dan.
hey man what up?.
yo i heard u work at a senior home. how is it.
ahah, it deicent, kinda intense.
u going to the gym.
ahahahhaha naw man are ypu?.
yep all summer man. lol. not all summer.
ahaha, getting jacked. what gym do u go to?.
curie lol. hey if they have any more spots left in the senior home tell me.
hahah, Ill let you know when some one quits..
lol thanks man.
hahah np. hey man if u are still looking for a job, I just quit mine at St annes court..
dude is it in northern fredericton.
naw.
is it part time cuz im working right now but if i can fit it into my schedule i ll try it.
yeah, its part time.
dude where is it and how do u apply.
drop off a resume,  81 Duncan Lane Fredericton.
ill see man thanks. hey dan u studying for physics.
Ahahha not yet. I dont have much to study...
dan wat did u guys do on friday for physics.
Idkkkkkkkk.
hey daniel. daniel lutes.
What up bey.
yo do u know bout student loans.
ahah, not much man.
hey do u know if the student loans in new brunswick cover tuition and living.
Ahaha probably man, also I think the rate is super low, and like zero when your still in school..
really did ur bro get one or did ur parents continued to pay.
Parents are just paying. Lol.
shit son lol anyway thanks man i ll try to search up more info. yo dan whens that chem thing due.
THursday.
all right man thanks Dan. hey dan lutes.
Yo.
hey do u know much about business at unb.
Not much man. Why??.
no its just cuz im going there im trying to figure out if i should transfer after some time.
What do you mean?.
im doing business at unb.
Okay cool!.
dan lutes.
Yo yo.
hey u doing the chem homework.
Not gonna do it.
hey dan.
What up man.
hey did u do the chem homework.
No. I wasnt there Friday.  What was on the quiz tho?.
haha simple stuff dont worry i dont remember much but try to knw some of the diagnostic tests. hey dan i heard ur doing commerce man.
Ahahah. Who told you that?.
haha rachel.
Ahaja cuz im not. Lol.
oh mabe i misunderstood then wat ru doing dan.
Ahhah.im doing economics so close enough.
oh ya ok thats what she said then is nt that still commerce though.
No. Im doing art sci. So its computer science and economics.
oh kk hey dan wat do u knw about the how hard is it to get a good gpa in mcgill business.
Its kinda tuff. Cuz there are alot of smart ppl. And marks are usually very low..
like how low.
Like 3 or 2.5 average I think.
really wow but in terms of getting jobs do they have co op or internships.
They have internships. But no co-op.
so how does that work its still paid experience right.
Lol. Usually unpaid..
ur kiding right dan.
No. Haha.
haha so r they of the internships internal.
What?.
haha like exclusive to mcgill like u knw how some companies come to specific universities to hire.
Oh. Ahha. I don't know. Maybe..
dan do u knw much about living costs in montreal.
My bro pays like 500 a month in rent. So its not bad..
is he in an appartment.
Eyey.
nicee so that s good then thanks dan u the man.
Np np.
yo daniel.
Yo!.
hey dan ru gona live in an apt in montreal for the first year with ur bro or live in res.
Naw dawg im in rez. Wbu?.
hey dan do u knw how to get quebec residency.
U have u live there 4 like 3 months b4 studying there. So u cant get it I dont think..
damn hey were u charged a permenant surcharge or something its around like 4000.
For what? I dont think so..
well i didnt knw bout it until i checked how much i owed to the uni via student accounts and they charged me 4000 for first term and 2000 term but theres like a form i filled out and now its gone its just to verify that ur canadian and not fresh off the boat.
Ahahhaha. Shitty. Naw I didnt have  that!.
yeah just call them and ask just to make sure cuz apperently all quebec uni will charge everyone unless they prove citizenship i think u probably uploaded a copy when applying to mcgill if then ur okay.
Oh shit shit.  Yeah I did fill out one of those things!.
k nice hey dan did u apply to do a double during the application process or are u waiting til second year.
In art sci u have to do a double.
nice man so how many credits is it then.
36 per major..
thats not bad i want to double in computer science but it seems like i have to wait one year plus i have 4 electives n i have no idea wat to take. hey dan did u apply for the student loan.
No man!.
dan im in montreal and im coming downtown if u wana like hangout my number is 514 459 0117. that my phone not skype dont why it did that.
Ahah. Kk. Dope man. When did u move in?.
just like on the 23 ru in montreal. hey dan found any apartments for next year yet.
yea dude. What about u?.
Na man where did u find it.
On kijiji.
Dan ru going to the bbq at mcgill.
Ahaha. I didnt know there was one..
Ya man lets go im in the mcgill area.
Im in advising right now..
Haha until when.
530 then i have to study.  Cant chill 2day.
Harvey Lakers game today.
What time?.
3;30?.
cant I work till 530.
kk maybe this evening..
Wanna hit snooty tonight with the boys/. ?.
Yeah I'd be down. Pens game tonight..
hell yea! i totally forgot.. Hey man me rich and liam are watching the raps game at my place if ur free..
Ahh I would man, but already told Max I'd watch it at his place..
kk, ball soon tho.
hey daniel this is mharie. what does ideology have to do with ANYTHING that's in little red riding hood?!?!?! tell me because i'm blonde and can't think properly.
LRRH's ideology meant that she valued her grandmother enough to visit her..
okay thank you. that's silly but okay. is anyone other the the wolf marginalized.
The women for being inferior.
Well when you put it like that it seems like a negative way to refer to the "fairer" sex Danielle.
Its the stories point of view, not mine!.
Suuuurrrreee, that's what you want us to believe. No, I know that, but its more fun for me if I ignore that fact. XD.
Hehe, all that being said men are superior....
Says a man who thinks that the sun is the brightest star.
Relitivly of coarse, but yes..
Relatively aside, I am right, and you are wrong, and I probably won't forget that til highschool is over. Weird things stick. Jaclyn's a brat an logged me off -.-. sigh. by the way, tis Mharcy.
mharcy?. what about mharie.
nope, Jaclyn ate her.no she just doesn't accept anything bu Mharcy now, so she won't let me type my name.
and yet Fb calls her Mharie.
It's a typo.
Damn it Facebook!.
I know, all of the deception in this world, it's just, to much.
DOWN WITH FACEBOOk.
okay, here are the things that I took down from the meeting that concern you. • Arrive @ 5:30 (for the staff, I don't know about you and the risk management thing though)• Staff Skit (I think you're now the MSN logo, I would talk to Max about the butterfly wings)• Lullabies (Meg and Dan)• Make Cleaning groups Friday night (mia meg dan)• Meg and Dan in charge of boundariesThere might be more but that's all I wrote down. I think someone sent out some sort of updated scheduel too, so check your email. See you tomorrow :). So it turns out that it wasn't a picture from CISV. She taught them at TNB, and it was a picture from that. So that mystery's solved!!! How did the rest of the meeting go?.
Haha oh! Um it was good we scraped the coookie thing, but we are having a movie night!.
really? Awesome!! Do we know what movie yet?.
No. We cant decide.
we should watch something scary!!.
Haha yeah, lIke a really bad horror movie.
hahaha, good idea, but something tells me not everyone will probably go for that....
Hahahhaha yeah probably not.
Do we even know when it is yet?.
No.
yeah, I didn't think so... we should do it soon though.
yeah, they are deciding weather it should be before or after christmas.
for sure. I also like the Christmas party idea..
yeah.
I was wondering if you could also check my mark on my English exam for me when you check your's. I already told Mr. Milner. Thanks again for everything. :).
hahaha no problem so i should ask him wensday next week?.
yeah, whenever you get your's.
haha okay, so are u packed for new zeland???.
I just have a few things, but it's pretty much ready. How are your exams going?.
hahah i had a art exam today iit was easy and i have a bbt exam tomorrow, are u worried about going?.
haha, lucky! Yeah, I'm a little worried about making friends and I think the school work and all that, but I'm trying to keep a positive attitude about it. :) I'm hoping I'll be able to keep in touch with Skype and Facebook. The most important thing is that we got our visas today, so we're officially allowed to go, that was really stressful!!.
hahaha, is the school ur going to christian.
Not as far as I know, but I don't think it is cause it's a public school. By the way, how did movie night go?.
oh its a 6 out of 10.
mmm, okay, what was bad about it?.
um it easnt bad, but i could have been better, maybe it was a 7.
okay, well, that's better than I expected. Who all went?.
alot of litlle kids.
not surprised frankly. It's probably going to be like that for a while..
yeah. hey mia mr milner gave me ur mark on friday, u got 93% and on ur survey thing u got 100.
thanks so much for that, really didn't expect 100, wow. Anyways, how are things going? Everything good in Fredericton?.
hahaha, same old deal, how is new zeland.
It's really nice and warm!! I live right in the downtown. Today I saw my new school and bought some of my uniform. By the way, do you have Skype?.
thats sweet! yeah it daniel.lutes2.
awesome, I'll add you. I have New Zealand money for you, what's your address??.
holly cow, how is ur school!!!! made any friends yet??? i got ur report catr but mme pineau said she email ur marks to ur parents... my adress is 75 coburn dr E3B 6Z7, oh and i went on ebay and bought some antartican money, i have quite the collection!!!!.
School's really easy actually, I know everything we've done so far!! I've made a few friends, people are pretty nice, I still miss everyone in Fredericton though. Yeah, I didn't know my mom sent an email, sorry about that! I didn't even know there was such a thing as Antartican money, that so cool!! what does it look like? so wait, how many countries do you have now?.
after all of my ebay purchasces i have around 65,.
wow, that's a lot!! I wonder if you can get all of them....
Yeah, north Korean money is in the mail!.
that's so cool!! I have a friend from the Maldives here, I'll ask her if she has some money from there for you..
hahah, my colection is like the snowball effect..
haha yeah, she has some, so I'll send it with the New Zealand ones..
nice!. HEy mia first of all ihear you are okay which is great to here,  and secondly the lebanon summer camp got moved to cec republic, so im appying!!!.
awesome!!! That's so great! I hope you have an awesome time, and if you have any questions, just ask! By the way, I probably won't be able to send you the money for a while since I don't know when the postal system will start working again. Also, school's cancelled, so I probably won't get the money from the Maldives from my friend either, sorry..
ahhaha, no problem, hahaha, how long are u out of school anyway?.
We're not sure, but they said at least until March 14th. I think we'll have to be relocated because our school suffered so much damage..
wow, that is crazy, hey do they have winter in new zeland?.
yeah, it's when our summer is, but it only gets to like, 2 degrees at the coldest, so if it snows at all, there's a snow day..
ahahah, thast soo sweet, so how are u find the school work, easier or harder?.
it's soooo easy, I almost wish it was harder, but I think it's just cause they're reviewing from last year. It's funny, I was really convinced that it was going to be super hard!.
haha, yeah that is weird, so is chirstchurch super christian?.
no, the name is very deceiving isn't it? It's actually just like any other city and stuff, well it was. I was a little scared when my parents said we were going there, but it's okay. So I did find some religiousness in Christchurch. I'm temporarily going to a Cristian school until my other school is repaired :/.
hahaah wow, how christian is it?.
Well, I thought it was gonna be really bad on the first day because there was a lot of praying and hymns and stuff, but today we only prayed once and read one psalm. Still a bit too much for me, but it's only for a little while. It just feels wierd....
hahahaha yeahdo they make u do it?.
Not really, I just kinda put my head down and mumble when they say amen... So how are things in Freddy?.
ahaha, well i am actually in maine right now, but last time i was in freddy it was the same old thing.
haha, just as expected!. So I hear that the AGM/JB elections are on Sunday. I heard you were running for jr cher, do you wanna co-cher?.
Hey Mai! I just got your letter today! Ahah thanks a lot :) how long ago did you send it ?  As for the junior co-Cher thing, megan asked me already, but I would rather run with you..
haha, I think I sent at least 3 weeks ago or something!! Aww too bad, are you running with Megan then?.
I kinda want to tell megan that I said yes to you a month ago... Maybe that will work.
yeah, sure, I kinda remember talking about it a while ago anyways, so go for it. Hey what do you want to do about booking flights for SBTF? Max said that he and Santana traveled together and he also said that he went he paid for his ticket first and then CISV reimbursed him afterwards..
Yeah, that sounds good to me, when do you want to book?.
okay, I checked out that seat sale thing that the njr told us about, but it's not really worth it cause we have to fly out of moncton and there's a connection in ottawa, which will make it harder to travel for us. I checked the air canada website and it's 169 bucks for direct flights each way, so personally, I'd rather just pay the extra money haha. Anyways, I think we should just wait until we find out more info on sbtf to book the flights we don't want to take advantage of the sale thing.
Yeah, i agree !.
ok sweet :).
When do you want to do the skype check in with NJR?. didnt see your message. OOPS.
hahahahaha.
I have wirk at 5 so how long do you think the meeting take>.
I dunno, but I had to go at 6 anyways. I can't see it taking more than 2 hours, do you want to start earlier though?.
yeah like 230?.
yeah sure. are you gonna go to school on friday?.
When do wefly?.
our flight leaves at like 11 something.
then no, are you?.
mmm I dunno, probably not though.
i have art and PD so, I wont be missing much.
haha, yeah I have English, but I think we're just editing our essays. I can just get you to read it hahajk.
haha\.
hey if I end up going to Kensington market, do you want me to get you that shirt you wanted if I find it???.
hahah, naw its cool, good luck.
thanks :). are you talking to richard right now?.
AHah yeah.
haha, I could just sense it.
AHah or u are skying with him?.
maybe. or maybe I'm just psychic.
Doubtful :(.
Are you doubting my powers, Daniel?. right now you're wondering what they said at the end of the announcements this morning.
I would say I am calling in to question alot of things. YOU ARE A GOD!.
I'm surprised it took you so long to figure it out :P.
FAlse, RICHARD DU is my only god.....
well then, I guess SOMEONE won't have salvation in the afterlife...... not naming names or anything.
DOesnt matter... Richard provides immortality.....
well good luck with that when the apocalypse comes round.
I dont need luck where I am going....
touche.
I just got a message from the CISV ECC about post cards from Fredericton, do you know anything about that?.
yeah I got an email about that too, we're supposed to send out postcards to all the chapters. well, like 3 weeks ago.
ahah I know that, but have we done them?.
haha, no that I know of.
We need to finish those postcards..
yeah, after exams :P.
yeah..
hey are you guys going to be a homestay for the summer camp?.
haha, yeah but i am not going to be here....
haha that's right!! Do you know anyone else that's hosting people?.
No clue..
hey we should do those postcards before you go.
yeah when do u want to do them?.
doesn't really matter, when are you leaving?.
Hey can we do postcards tmr at like 3?.
yeah sure, could we maybe start a bit earlier like at 2?.
I dont get off untill 230, we could do it monday instead?.
Yeah I think Monday will work better for me, anytime is good. So what's the plan for today?.
we could meet up downtown do the post cards and send them?.
yeah ok, maybe at like 3? Where do you want to meet?.
Um where do U buy post cards?.
Hmmm oh yeah all the stores are closed today :P well I have some post cards at my house,but they're not fredericton ones haha Oh and we need stamps too.
I have stamps.
Great, so where do you want to meet?.
Up to ypu..
Wanna just meet in front of the art gallery?.
sure..
hey are you back yet??.
Yeah, I got back yesterday..
cool are you going to open day tomorrow?.
Yeah, I was planning on it, are you?.
yeah I'm going, I saw Callum when I dropped off my homestay people.
Oh Cool, so is robbie there?.
haha yeah he is. the canadian delegation came a week early and he stayed with robie.
ahah thats cool.
haha yeah, so how was your trip?.
It was so good, how was Switzerland?.
lol I haven't gone yet, end of the Summer :P.
ah sick, See yah tmr..
http://www.facebook.com/shannon.elizabeth.372. nice profile pic btw.
SHE DOES EXIST! Thx btw. My laptop died, did you send the email?.
yeah I did.
are u going to the thing sunday?.
uhhh I want to but I wasn't planning on it lol. are you going?.
that is entirely dependent on who is going....
ahaha, well I'll go if you go.
Sounds good, I bet it will only be u and me from the JB....
lol probably, I'll try to get Max and Sam to go, but I doubt that'll happen.
Ya, speaking of Max have u gotten the money back from SBTF?.
nope, and my mom told me that that's my spending money for Switzerland, so I really have to get it back!!!.
I think we should just talk to crystal?.
maybe, but there might not be much that she can do about it.
doesnt she have signing rights too?.
oh really? well maybe we should then. I'll give it a couple more tries with max and then we should do that.
sounds good to me.
cool, have you talked to Max about it much?.
once or twice, have u?.
just a couple of times like you. he told me he lost the checkbook in his room.
oh god....
hahahahaha. what time are you going to the thing??.
9?.
ok, that's when I was going to go, just checking, did you know there's a bbq at the matson's too?.
when?.
the email said around 6, but I can't make it cause it's my mom's birthday so you're on your own :P.
I have work till 7 30 so its cool. :P.
haha ok see you at 9 then, have fun at work :P.
unlikely... :'(.
ahahaha. you still going on the Chinese camping trip, I'm confirming spots.
yes!.
sweet, should be a fun time.
It better be!.
just to let you know, Max doesn't think he has the checkbook. I contacted Crystal about it but she hasn't gotten back to me. If she can get my check than I can get your's too for you.
That would be great!. are u going to the thing today?.
no sorry, I can't, are you?.
i dont know... i am no sure what it will be like....
hey wanna email me your receipts for SBTF?.
did you get it?.
yeah, recipe???? lololololol. did you just copy and paste?.
ahah yes. Megan is a go on registration..
awesome, what's her email?? and did you get the first page of the poster??.
That soo amazing!!! her email is smarter_than_you_1137@hotmail.com ...(I know...).
haha thanks. hey do you need swiss money?.
If you don't mind :).
lol no problem!!. have u booked your flight for NBM yet??.
i think sara was doing it for us..
when did she tell you that?.
I assumed she was when she asked if we wanted to fly at 6 with chris daley..
oh ok, maybe we should confirm that cause I thought that she was just telling us what flight to book.
Oh!.
haha I'll send her a message!. what are we gonna do??.
we need to book our flight. oh, shit. sara asked me about it and i gave it to her so i think she has it covered?.
lol I knoww, wanna book it after dinner? ok so it's good all taken care of then.
sure at 7?.
yeah sure. hey I think my family going to eat late, so can we switch it to 8?.
k.
aww shit sorry, do you wanna book it now?.
kk.
ok so do you know the exact flight that we're supposed to book?.
No, I think it is at 6... that all I know.
ok me and my mom found another flight since we couldn't find chris's. so I'm taking fredericton-toronto-vancouver on the 8th at 5:30 am depart from fredericton. the flight numbers are AC8953-AC007 on the way there. and AC194 and AC7670 on the way back, which is vancouver-montreal-Fredericton. so do you wanna book those ones too??.
sure, are we booking separately or together?.
what do you mean, like are we doing 2 at once and then reinburse or??.
yea.
let's just book on our own I guess, it's just easier that way.
k. what day is the return flish on/.
11:05 vancouver-montreal and then 20:50 montreal-fredericton.
what day?.
the 11th. http://www.threadless.com/product/4105/DEXTER+WHITE.
It all makes sense now!.
hahahaha. hey we should scheduel that skype check in thing soon.
yeah, with max and alicia. can u go to the adult  board meeting tomorrow?.
no sorry I have work!!.
Hey i went to the meeting, can you send an email out annocung the meeting?.
I don't have all the emails, do you know where they are?.
I think u have to write the email and send to elizibith Hamilton to forward.
oh ok, so just say there's a meeting this wednesday?.
yeah. tell the time and place.
so are we sending this out to the entire chapter?.
i think we should, do youÉ.
yeah that's what I was thinking, I'll do that, and what's your address??.
75 coburn Dr..
thanxx. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7m-Q5OGAais Song for the credit of ur movie??.
YESS!!!!.
haha it was free on iTunes and I just listened to it on the bus today and was like WHOA.
It was meant to be, or maybe, you imagined it....
lolol. http://www.google.com/trends/ just checking if you knew about this.
WTF!!! THAT AMAZING.
hahahaha I thought you knew about it!!. sorry I keep linking you to stuff in the middle of the night.
lol,  We shold have an ICP themed mini camp, also this. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i31tVWLKIOI&feature=related.
hahahahaha, imagine the simulation activity....
god..
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3254948807195&set=at.2406074305863.125989.1071317513.729306772&type=1&theater. oh and what do you want to do in Vancouver?.
Travis is a juggalo??? And I want to hang with Jim, but I think he will be in school. so idk.
hahahaha I thought this one was especially creepy, but then I went to his profile and they're all like that so the point is lost.
lol.
haha and my aunt and uncle will be at work too.
haha, down town it is.
hahah if you see anything else just let me know and I'll do the same.
kk.
http://fickleflickers.fc2web.com/noguchi/menu3.htm.
This may just be the greatest site ever made.
hahaha so true.
So I was looking at the room list for NBM, and say I was in a room with David Brown, searched him up and I found this channel, I pray that this isn't him... http://www.youtube.com/davidbrowntvWatch one of his video's.
ahahahaha, there's plenty of other David Browns in the world, so I'm sure you're okay, at least I hope so. Hey so I've devised a plan for Vancouver. We get to the airport. get picked up by my aunt and have breakfast, we go to Granville island, and then take a cab back for 3pm. What do you think?. and do you have a phone yet?.
Sure! and no :'(.
lol ok then sounds good. Also, do you know what's going on with our audit right now?.
No, I dont think Grace knows, ask Sarah..
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4303275292867&set=a.3422684278642.147965.1016262677&type=1&theater.
Ahhahahaha, I still can't tell if he is being ironic..
hahahahaha, I'm having my doubts.
Me too, maybe that's why I didnt like him at village... Haha.
haha yeah that's it, definitely not because he was really annoying. have you printed your boarding pass yet? I haven't. are you awake??????. there's no breakfast so some people are going to Tim's, just meet us there I guess? If you're with someone with a phone my number is 1-506-471-6286.
Hey so I was looking at Tromso Norway (where the JC spot is for), and its north of the arctic circle..
whoa that's so cool!!.
So have you looked at the list of places for seminar yet?.
no not yet, I have to get them emailed to me I think. So what do you want to do for presenting about NBM, I can just summarize my notes if that's good. Holy crap today was so br00tal, I was so tiredd. oh and I did some "private investigating" and Megan's bf is 17 so he's probs in grade 12.
Sounds good, and I know, I almost fell asleep in math today... And I am surprised he is only 17, good work 'understudy'. Haha.
hahaha, I pretty much fell asleep in every single one of my classes! glad to help lol.
Stella.
from the makers of bradyquest http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UivcJ2VdhfA&feature=channel&list=UL. *brodyquest.
that may be the stupidest youtube video ever....
it's one of those things that would be better as a picture and not as a whole video.
haha yes.
Are you on the planning committee for movie night?.
yeah.
ok cause we got an email from Judy and she was asking about who should be in charge of the key to the room.
why. Ye, I already responded, I am getting it at 530. Also are you going to the movie night?.
haha ok great, and yeah I'm pretty sure I'm going. I just might have a problem with getting a drive.
You could walk from school, that what I am doing..
ok, so we just hang around for a while before it starts?.
Yeah. Also what does it sound like the guy says at the end of this video? http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=552095941467122.
alright, wanna meet in the pit after school? It sound like "that was impressive though" why what did you think it was?.
Sure, to me it sounds like he says "I'm Russel Crowe"....
haha, that's totally what he said. are you in both Connor and Seshu's fan clubs?.
Yes, but it is justified because I'm in Connor's fan club ironically..
ahahaha I'm in both too, but for me it's because I'm trying to annoy both of them by not choosing one over the other.
Mia Parenteau = Ⓐ.
haha nice use of the "secret" facebook symbols.
Only me and Mark know them..
and me ✌. whoa it turned blue.
I ⌘ 2 stop you just a ♟ in his...............................................................♜♞♝♚♛♝♞♜ ♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟ ▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░ ░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓ ▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░ ░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓ ♙♙♙♙♙♙♙♙ ♖♘♗♔♕♗♘♖.
ahahaha • ˚ •˛•˚ * 。 • ˚ ˚ ˛ ˚ ˛ •• ˚Happy★* 。 • ˚ ˚ ˛ ˚ ˛ ••。★Holidays!★ 。* • ˚。° 。 ° ˛˚˛ * _Π_____*。*˚˚ ˛ •˛•˚ */______/~＼。˚ ˚ ˛˚ ˛ •˛• ˚ ｜ 田田 ｜門｜ ˚.
I find my messages dragon to long at times...11111111¶111111111111111111111111111111111111 11111111¶¶¶1111111111111111111111111111111111 111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111111111111 1111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111111 111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111 1111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶1111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11 1111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1 1¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111¶¶¶¶1 111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111¶111 11111111¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11111111111 1111111¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶1111111111 111111¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111¶¶¶¶¶111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111 11111¶¶¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11111¶¶¶1111111¶¶¶11¶¶11 11111¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111¶¶¶111111111111111 1111¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11111111111 111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111111 1¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111111111111111111 111111¶¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11111111111111111111111 111111¶¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111111¶1111111 111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111¶111111 111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111¶¶11111 11111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111¶¶¶¶1111 11111¶¶¶1111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶1111 1111¶¶111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶1111 11¶¶111111111¶¶¶1111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111 1111111111111¶¶¶1111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111 1111111111111¶¶¶111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111 1111111111111¶¶111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111 111111111111¶¶1111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶11¶1111 111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶11111111 111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶111¶¶11111 111111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶1¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶1111 11111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11111¶¶¶¶¶11111 11111111111111111111111111¶¶¶1111¶¶¶¶¶1111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶111¶¶¶¶¶¶11111111 11111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111 1111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶111111111111 11111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶11111111111111 1111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶111111111111111 111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶11111111111111111 11111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶11111111111111111 11111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶111111111111111111 11111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶1111111¶1111111111 11111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶111111¶¶111111111 111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶1111¶¶¶111111111 1111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶11111111¶¶¶¶111111111 111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶¶11111111 11111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶111111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111 11111111111111111111111111¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶¶111111111 11111111111111111111111111¶¶¶11¶¶¶1¶111111111 111111111111111111111111111¶¶1¶¶1111111111111 11111111111111111111111111¶¶¶111¶¶11111111111 11111111111111111111111111¶¶11¶¶¶111111111111 111111111111111111111111¶¶¶11¶¶¶1111111111111 1111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶¶¶11111111111111 111111111111111111111¶¶¶11¶¶¶¶111111111111111 11111111111111111111¶¶¶11¶¶¶11111111111111111 11111111111111111111¶¶¶1¶¶¶111111111111111111 1111111111111111111¶¶¶11¶¶¶111111111111111111 1111111111111111111¶¶¶¶1¶¶¶11111¶111111111111 11111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11¶1111¶¶111111111111 111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111111 11111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶111111111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶¶1111111111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶¶11111111111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶¶111111111111111 1111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶1111111111111111 111111111111111111111111¶¶¶¶11111111111111111 11111111111111111111111¶¶¶1111111111111111111 1111111111111111111111¶¶111111111111111111111 11111111111111111111¶¶11111111111111111111111.
lol I can bearly make it out, good thing you used that pun so I know what it is! oh and I have a drive now, but should I come early to help set up?.
Its up to you, I dont think it will be much work to set up..
ok so maybe like between 5:30 and 6?.
Yeah, so do you know how many people will be attending?.
I have no idea, but Max is going so that's at least 3.
+ Madeline... this is going to be big!.
yeah! CISV Fredericton: we participate!.
we need to do JB bonding....
YES, but when?.
Back to school party.
cool, we'll have to plan it at some point I guess.
Or we could just get the Jr Chairs to do it..
I like the way you think.
Muahahah. merry christmas.
lol and a happy new year.
Speaking of new year, Richard told me you are co-hosting Chinese new year this year..
haha yeah that's the plan. http://www.facebook.com/cisv.compliments.
this is weird.
I want to know who it i. is.
do you think they are canadian?.
it's very possible, but I was thinking it was this person from new zealand because they had this Christchurch Compliments thing a while back and it was very similar. but it doesn't really add up.
hmm... I want to figure this out.
me too, but it could be someone we don't know, which would suck.
i thinks its a girl.. based on the cover photot.
haha that's a good point.
it may also just be a COVER up.... Pun.
AHAHAHA. puns. I think the Canadian theory is a good one, because they added me, so they must know me?.
I looked through their friends list and they are mostly canadian....
I have a theory that it's Amy Ayer, but it's too soon in the investigation to tell. or julia.
also this person is friends with Steve Urchison. and are friends with past NJR's of other countries..
yes, and our mutual friends are all canadian except one, who is a New Zealand NJR.
Spooky.
do we have an agenda for the meeting?.
Naw.
lol so are you coming then?.
Yea, we dont really need an agenda.
cool.
What are we going to talk about.
I have no idea, maybe Heather and Sarah have something.
link me to that girl.
http://www.facebook.com/Nika.Boehler3?fref=ts.
AHAHA, Shit, I know that girl,.
haha oh yeah? from where?.
HAllways.
ahh yes.
we have to do that thing for the cunuck.
yeah I know, what has our chapter done lately???.
minicap. camp. are there any pictures.
isn't there that one of you and Nicole with the beans?.
ye.
lol let's just use that and say we had a good minicamp, is there anything else?.
naw..
haha kk~.
should be good.
yeah so when do we need to have it in by?.
idk. sooon.
kool, I kinda wanna just do it after examz....
same.
lol someone totally stole one of your posts http://www.m0rtality.com/post/41063635622/m0rtality-due-to-high-sulfur-levels.
AH, i could have been some one!.
Who's our LNCC?.
I was it for the last two years... I dont know who it is now....
I think we have to decide.
I guess its me then..
haha ok, I guess there's no point unless you want to go to national camp.
What do you mean?\.
I just meant if you wanted to go to national camp, you can't be the LNCC.
aha, yeah, I wont be going.
alright then you can just be it.
I feel like I have some real power now! Time to take down the chapter from the inside out....
ahahaha, I was thinking of going. you better pick me.
I consider it... TBH you're kinda weak on paper #realtalk.
whoa there #shockerr I thought we were friends. oh yeah, and I thought you might not want to know that Richard doesn't know what a scene kid is.
Hahaah; is there  cisv thing tonight?.
not that I know of.... The chinese new year thing is tomorrow?.
there is a movie noght tonight. you should go.
when does it go until?.
930.
I'll go but I think I'm gonna be late. what time is bingo?. oh and did you tell Mercedes and David that you're LNCC?.
just did, and its the 3rd and  at 5 i think.
at 5pm?.
yes.
ok thanks see you theree.
IM PUMPED.
BINGO YEAHH. check out the graphic for the Chinese New Year performance.
Who did this>?.
I have no idea, but I want to know.
It was defiantly Richard.
either that or Josh's dad.
ahahah, I just didnt know graphic designers used MS paint\\.
sounds like you have a lot to learn about graphic design, Daniel.
lol.
wow that Petty Tyrant episode of This American Life is insane!!.
I know... I want to be that man!.
lol is that why you want to make fireworks??. are you going to the board meeting tomorrow?.
Its not till Sunday.
lol omg I was almost going to go tomorrow!!.
haha, so can you go on sunday?.
yeah, can you?.
I can. But if your going I won't.
lol fine, I'm just not sure how late we're going tomorrow but I'll probably be able to go.
K, yea, if u cant make it message me and ill go.
k sounds good, I should probably make it out to a board meeting eventually so I'l try to make it.
Ahha, i would of loved it if you showed up tmr and missed it again..
did you watch the Oscars?.
yeah you?.
yeah, what'd you think?.
Joaquin Phoenix should have won.... but others than that meh.... What did you think....
a lot of things should have won but didn't..... whatever I guess.
Welcome to the oscars.....
loldisapointed but will watch every year forever.....
ahahah, have you seen the master....
no not yet, I need to see Life of Pi and Lincoln too....
Only watch lincoln....
ahaha will do, good night.....
Are u going to watch them right now??? haah night.
lol no I'll do it later when I can stay awake.... #marchbreakmoviemadness.
#areWeStillDoingThePodcast?.
#yes.
My brother want to be on it.... So we should start on the march break.
lol ok, and yeah that sounds good, we should have like a pre-meeting before we record the first episode.
Def. when/where/who.
like this week(end?)/on skype if that's easier/ I dunno us and ur bro if you want, or do you think we should have a meeting first?.
Yeah, that probably a good idea. Also we should talk to richard.. if he is going to be out first person.
yeah ok, I was also thinking maybe for our first/pilot one, we could just have each other as guests, but that might not work, we'll discuss later.
kk night.
night.
skype with me and richard.
ok. hey you still wanna talk about the podcast tonight.
sure.
call me beep me when you wanna reach me.
lol one sec.
kk. hey can we do sunday instead of monday?. nvm. hey so what time tomorrow?.
Hmm. good question. We should also find out what Richard is going to talk about.
yeah, we should call him.
He isnt on skype.
I'll message him.
So still coming at 630.
yup, ur house right?.
YES.
haha kk. http://www.11points.com/Web-Tech/11_Biggest_Reasons_People_Unfriend_You_On_Facebook.
These all sound like you.
h8rz gunna h8.
Omg STOP! :< :< :< :< :< :<.
omg deal with itt.
srry kk\.
i fergive u~. hey I can't go to the meeting tonight cause I'm sick.
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10200450234880154&set=a.10200450230840053.2192283.1285127758&type=1&theater CHECK OUT TOMMY CAMP IN THE BACK.
ahaha I've already seen this man. oh I recommend you take a look at David Sumner's favourite quotes while you're at it.
"Dont follow your dreams, chase them - Richard Dumb"... Like working at the Diplomat....
lololol and he spelt ron burgundy wrong.
Hah, but he is suppose to be the biggest Anchorman fan ever, thats where he steals all of his jokes....
lol well I guess there are bigger Anchorman fans out there then, or at least ones who know how to spell.
He's a bro, he's above that....
lol yeah omg he's so cool that he's above basic spelling and grammar, that's like a whole new level.
Oh, at the meeting tonight Megan stepped down from her risk manager position..
wtf why.
She just said she is too stressed....
wow, well whatever I guess. can't say I'm all that beaten up about it.
aahha, it was so out of nowhere, it was like the end of the meeting and she was like oh and I have something to add... And then went into this awkward speech..
awkk, what did people say?.
Nothing, when she was done, I was like, okay anything else. Its kinda weird to respond to....
oh my gosh that's so awkward... did she like talk to anyone after?.
Yea, after that at the end of the meeting everyone was talking and joking... I don't know, I think it may have been an attention grab..
aww that's just so weird, whatever, I guess we just have to find someone to replace her.
shouldn't be tough, maybe Robie. Also we should meet about the Eastern's Mini-Camp very soon.
yes I agree do you wanna meet friday at lunch with max and madeline?.
Yes... I send a group message..
ok cool, Imma go to bed, night.
Night #GetWellSoon.
lol #thxx.
The thing this weekend is still on. you should go!.
what time is it?.
9 30.
am?!.
Lol yea.
lol until when?.
430.
hmm, I have drama rehearsal @ 11.
lol k.
should I go for a bit orr?.
Probably not tmr, I plan on leaving it at 2 so I can go to the library. But may come on sunday?.
what time on sunday?.
Same, but it ends earlier..
hmm ok I have work at 4, but could make it.
I just have a feeling it is going to be super awkward.
lolol yeah, but it's CISV so they'll be nice, well probably.
Ahah, yea, but its like 5 people. #OMFG.
omg #intimate.
Hope so, I will take photos and then make a slide show and then email it to them, thats how I make friends..
ahahaha you're so in with the times. I don't think I can go to the leadership thing anymore.
dont worry, tmr its going to be different than what Judy said..
what do you mean?.
It was suppose to be general tmr, but it going to specific to leader based activities, summer camp and village.
ok so it's less important that I go tomorrow then?.
Yea.
sweet, so how was it today?.
It was way better than expected..
yeah I kinda thought it would be like that tbh.
yea, How was drama practice?.
it was alright, I actually took a shift at work for someone last minute, so I left a bit early.
When is the play.
April 4, 5, 6  save the date~.
Ill go to all the shows.
I don't expect anything less. heads up Connie MacDonnie is only doing the last show.
Looks like I am only going to the first two..
LOL.
Who is playing his role in the first 2?.
Connor Grey.
How is he>.
uhh, he's alright I guess, I mean he's not gonna ruin the show, but I'm a bit worried. and I think he will improve a lot before the show.
Really. How big is the roel. role.
it's not big, but it's the kind of role that it's really important if it's done right. spoiler alert, he has the last line in the show.
haha, well hopfuly it gets better..
I think it will, things always pull together towards the end.
Has there been any big director freak outs yet?.
hmmm, I guess you would have to define freakout. but no during rehearsal episodes yet.
ahah, did it happen last year?.
I can't remember so I guess that means no, but we had David Smith with us last year and he really pulled Robbie back a lot. I think the power is going to his head a bit, especially since The Crucible was so successful last year.
Thats what he needs..
ahaha, I just hope we can all hold it together until the show.
AHA. I have heard he is hyper-emotional soo good luck..
lol did you hear that from me? I've been able to handle it so far, so fingers crossed!.
Both you and Anna told me. Is he still going to theater school?.
lol, yeah his auditions are in a few weeks.
Where does he want to go?.
just like various theatre schools in ontario. York, George Brown, Sheridan.
Does he just do one audition?.
yeah I think he's sending a video for one, but he basically just flies over there and does auditions for each school.
Thats cool, do you think he will get into any?.
yeah I think he will, but it's more a matter of if he can stay in. Apparently it's like super cut throat and you can get asked to leave at any time if they don't think you're doing much or not getting along with people.
Holy shit... thats crazy... Sounds like UNB #loljk.
lol omg totes #UNBcutthroat. do you know who Ally Ingalls is?.
No who is it?.
Well she's like this theatre girl from Freddy beach and she got kicked out of York cause she wasn't getting along with the other actors.
Wow. I can't find her on facebook..
http://www.facebook.com/allie.ingalls12. bam.
UR fault,, you misspelled her name.
sry man.
Just don't let it happen again..
kk I promise.
Hey do you want to MC yellow and Black with Alex?.
mmm, I'm not so sure, did he ask you about it?.
He said he can get Seger if you don't want to..
hmm I dunno, I think I might be too busy, plus I'm not sure if it'll go well, what do you think?.
Its like this week, so if you want to do it then you should I guess. It is up to you..
it's thursday right?.
And Friday nigh. night.
wait it's 2 nights? how does that work, is it the same show both nights? if it's 2 nights I don't think I could do it, so I guess it's a no.
hah k..
how many of these are there? http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=KulHKziEeMc#!.
Asian Jewish Bar Mitzvah! I want to go!.
get Richard to marry a Jewish person.
Easier said than done. He hates the jews.
lol true dat. hey is your mom at home, I need to ask her a question about the maine minicamp.
She is in bed, whats the question.
Nevermind, I emailed her and she got right back to me, good ol' reliable Pegi. where did you get that fedory pic?.
Fedorypixz.net. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=628141817202007&set=pb.100000185843505.-2207520000.1364250784&type=3&theater.
lololol how did you find that?.
I was listening to the radio.
ahaha. holy shit, the likes on that fedory pic.
Lol, I know... Facebook gold.
if Facebook was a game, you'd be winning.
Would I, or would this... https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10200899631314784&set=a.4700185984348.2180975.1285127758&type=1&theater.
aaahhh, this is actually so scary.
AHAh, I wonder if it is life sized.
I sure hope not, could you just imagine that in your house?.
haha, OMG did you see your self on the announcements today....
lol yeahh. are you ready for the most painful thing on the internet??.
Yes please!!!.
http://everysingleurlistakenandih8u.tumblr.com/. remember, he's 14.
The names stanko and i am probably in love with you.. hahaha.
lolol I know.
This is ridiculousness, he posted black and white photo`s in hopes they would be reblogged, they weren`t....
lol that's what got me, it's sooo awkward ahhh. http://everysingleurlistakenandih8u.tumblr.com/post/39081144529.
http://everysingleurlistakenandih8u.tumblr.com/post/44988545048/basically-tits....What the fuck stanko..... Stanko should get the sparrow as a tattoo....
lolololol I know, I was WTFing like through the whole thing. can you skype?.
Stanko`s tumblr: 60% Video game references 40% sexual reference. Sure.
lol nice ok call me maybe.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=468695623183133&set=a.180395268679838.58044.180386355347396&type=1&theater.
lolol. is ur mom the one accepting the Maine minicamp payments.
Yeas.
can you tell her I'm going away until monday, and if it's possible, can I give her the money when I get back?.
kk, will you be at the meeting?.
no, I left yesterday morning, how did it go?.
Average meeting, 9 people showed up..
lol. check this out. tell me who it looks like.
Bosse?.
lol ya. it's a French fashion designer.
Haha, maybe they are related...
lol that would be pretty funny.
Nice PP.
lol thxx, hope u don't mind not being in mine anymore.
I am a little broken up.
guess you'll just have to photobomb a little harder next time.
I am always in the shawdows.
what a pro.
So I heard Max never made it out to the show?.
yeahhh. that's a classic though. hey how much is the Maine Minicamp?.
120.
can I give you that money for your mom tmr?.
sure.
sweet, can I meet you in McAllister's during 1st break?.
sure.
kcool. this guy + jack ball = nashinhttps://www.facebook.com/alexander.duguid.7?fref=ts.
ahahahah! That comparison is so  Nash !.
lol i know!! it's all i kept seeing. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eastside-Family-ESF/194616610638556.
Been on this page before. Love it..
lol I should have known.
Fave site. How is the campaign going?.
uhh ok I guess, we should skype sometime about it, I need some guidance I think. hey you awake?.
lol yea.
lol can I get you to read my valedictorian speech?.
sure.
k, be honest with what you think. There’s this old cliché that I heard somewhere saying “High school is supposed to be the best four years of your life”. I always thought this was a terrible thing to say because, one; what kind of adult tells a kid that their best years happen when they’re fourteen to eighteen and then it’s all downhill for the rest of your life from there? And two; I have never heard a single adult say this in my entire life, which leads me to believe that it’s probably not true. And that’s a good thing because it means that it only gets better from here, at least I hope so, I wouldn’t know. None of us know I guess since for most of us the public school system is pretty much all we’ve ever known. 	When I was younger, I always thought that even if I didn’t know what I wanted to do then, that I’d of had it figured out by the age I am now. Now that I am that age, I have definitely disappointed my younger self because I still feel like there’s a lot of things I need to know before I enter this so called “real world”, filled with adults and jobs and other boring things. Every year we’ve all looked back on how much we’ve changed from grade to another, and I always thought that would end when you became an adult. However, as I’ve gotten older I’ve realized one thing. Not only do you not have it all figured out when you’re eighteen, but you may not even when you’re 25 or 30 and even beyond that. In fact, in all likelihood you probably will never have figured out everything that there is to know about life. And I used to think that was a bad thing, but I don’t think so anymore. 	Because it means even if our dreams and goals change, and no matter what happens, as long as we learn from our mistakes and grow from our experiences, we all have the ability to become the people that we want to be. I guess what I’m trying to say is that even though school may be over, it doesn’t mean that we are done learning. 	Now we’ve all made it through this far, and whether you’ve enjoyed high school or not, graduation will be the last time we will all together be in one place. And whether you’re scared or excited about the new chapter beginning in your lives, from here on out we will all be separating onto very different paths, and it’s likely that we’ll never see some of each other ever again. So, as we reflect on our years together, as we have watched each other grow up, I hope we can appreciate what we have learned from our teachers, parents, friends and fellow students, and that we continue to learn and change and grow. I hope that everyone’s future is everything they dreamed it would be, and here’s to finding a new best four years in your life. Thank you and congratulations class of 2013..
What is your time limit?.
3 mins, it's a bit short, but I don't know where to add things.
I liked the conclusion the most. Maybe start with a joke/.
thanks, I was thinking that, but I'm not really sure what I should joke about haha.
9/11, that will go over well.
lol omg why didn't i think of that?!.
Lolms. When is the speech?.
I have to hand it in on tuesday morning, and then we present same day as src elections, which is thursday right??.
Ya, so who is running?.
ok there's 9 people.
Shit.
will, weston, anika, samm, sarah hansen, mark zhou, kyle kajari, and alex landine. and me. I think Alex is gonna win.
Why?.
I dunno, everyone loves alex.
If you lose will you be upset?.
mmm, I don't really think I'm gonna win so not really, at least I got to say it once I guess. I do really want to win though.
You just want a platform to address your grade?.
lol yeah I guess so, I've wanted to run for a while, I just thought it'd be fun.
Its kinda weird that its a thing you run for....
yeah, but when you think about it it makes sense cause you're supposed to be representing them. also the person with the highest mark could really hate public speaking.
Haha, yea. Well it should be interesting. At least you dont have to deal with this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=XGoS6CqCU8k.
OMG. were you the one that put it on reddit???.
No. I wish i did, they are loving it.
lol I can see. if it goes viral that'll be hilarious cause then it'll match her campaign posters.
I don't know if this will make her gain or lose votes.
it's a tough call for sure, they'll probably cancel out.
true.
aww man I hope she doesn't take the comments too seriously.
ahah, ya some are harsh...
yeah any I gotta sleep, ttyl~.
l8er sk8er.
lol. hey u going to jphmun?.
Ya. Are you?.
ya actually lol, oh and ur China now.
Wait wut?. !!!.
that's what she told me when I was talking to her. I dunno, you might want to email her.
What are you?.
Norway, can we have a talk about this tonight, I have no idea what's going on.
Skype?. l8er.
ya sure.
Sjype?.
lol is now ok?.
12?.
ya ok, but I have to go to bed not too late lol.
K.
omg how long have you been doing Karim's corner???!.
What do you meanÉ.
there's like 7 vids.
ahah, yea. We have only done it once..
lolol nice, you should do more.
I know, Karim is always busy though....
damn, cause they're badass.
Eveery one thinks Karim did them solo..
lol, it's cause you guys aren't important, obviouslyy.
No one understands me,,, :'(7.
that's cuz ur a fucked up motherfucker.
Guilty as charged. Why all the cussing.. http://www.nocussing.com/.
lolololol I just callem as I see em. https://www.youtube.com/user/IHazGuitarSkillz/videos.
SO GOOD> Just subscribed!.
lololololol I wish he sucked.
hah, lets just break his fingers..
that'll show him that he can't get away with being a dick. https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/922950_10151951582448018_1017426149_n.jpg.
aHAHAHAHAHHAHA, that just seems unsafe.
lol yeah i'm hoping it's photoshopped.
ahaha, that is almost worse..
lol this much is true.
What is tommy camps deal.
I ask myself the same question everyday.
Hey was there some Drama club drama this weekend?.
I dunno, what have you heard??.
It wasn't clear. I just heard your name get dropped.. But, it was only your first name, so it may not have been you..
lol I haven't heard anything, what were they talking about?.
I dont know, the Drama people were talking and Ashley looked flustered, maybe it was nothing...
hmm, whatever, I'll keep tabs on it, but who knows, when was this?.
Pre-period 2..
jeez I have no idea.
HAha, maybe they were just being dramatic..
lol ya, typical. omg to add to the mystery of tommy, he's in this group:https://www.facebook.com/groups/176791872472436/.
Tommy is a robot..
lol it's the only explanation.
What university is he going to?.
I've heard McGill, but that's not from the source himself.
Interesting, how are your grades?. his.
lol I was like, what? no I have no idea actually. but I heard he had 2nd best mark in our history class.
Next to Will?. or Liam. or Tait.
liam.
What was the average for that class?.
I don't know, but she said that when she scales she tries to make the class average 85%.
I am slightly concerned about it for next year.
yeah I won't lie, it's pretty bad. I'll tell you about it sometime.
What is so bad about it?.
it's hard to describe how much work it is, the words never really do it justice.
Hopefully it is at least fun..
I think it will be, you've got some pretty krazy kidz in ur class. *klass.
ahaha, speaking of which how do you feel about the election results..
anna: called it. Conor:stunned. u?.
hahah, it was crazy.
yeah I was talking to Karim about it today lol.
Apparently vp was won by a wide margin..
really? that surprises me, it must have been the grade 9s.
I think so, thats who dave voted for..
lol really?. looks like davo. is gonna realize he made a huge mistake.
Davo.
that's what anna calls him.
https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/77112_10201002745812582_867555389_n.jpg.
HAHAHAH. so gooddd.
How was BCS?. *BKS.
lol it was interesting.
hah What does that mean?.
lol well, it was just like the vps reading everyone's bio and then a giant photo op.
ahha, who writes your Bio?.
you have to write your own. it's really awkward.
ahaha, that sucks.
yeah, and I totally downplayed myself compared to everyone else hahahha.
haha, Rags to Riches: A Mia Parenteau Story. I see that Amanda was there.. Bet that was fun.
lol yeah, she got pictures with everyone lolo. l. lol look at my mom https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151655594498179&set=pcb.10151655594718179&type=1&theater.
ahah #ThirdWheel #TaiDye.
lolololol. I have a feeling they'll be a lot of parent photobombs in these photos.
and atleast one Psy photobomb.
lol, oh yeah william's mom is JUST like him!!.
hahaha, i saw william running today....
lol yeah richard told me he runs, I've noticed he's lost weight.
Hmm, mysterious.
william, so secretive....
I read that quick, and thought it said seductive..
hahaha I would hope you know better. Do you know if he's going to prom with anyone??.
Haha, looking for a backup? I haven't heard.
lolololol never, I think he should go with preema!.
That would actually be good..
I know, but I doubt it would happen. lol I got an email from national. it's that time of year again #POSTCARDZ!!!.
FML. Make jr cochairs.. we did it last year.
lol you ask them, Max won't take me seriously. look how I successfully concealed myself from this pic https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=471901969553331&set=a.471899302886931.1073741826.245047395572124&type=1&theater.
I can only see one of your shoes....
lol I know, and there's another pic of this and I. concealed myself again.
What even is existence man,,.
lolol, master of disguise. guess who got half of the MMC profit to go to the JB??.
Sweeeeeeeeeet!!!! How much did we get?.
not sure but I think at least 400.
That's sooo good, how did you do it?.
they were just like, where should the money go? and they were gonna put like half in the financial need fund and half to something else I was like, since it's a minicamp and we're poor, give half to the jb, and they were like sureee. omg https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4524553241940&set=a.2470607814588.2102908.1534144086&type=1&theater.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA TOOOO GOOOD..
but like wtf though. I guess we know a monk now lol. wanna skype later?. hey we should schedule a time to meet with Max and Alicia. wednesday at lunch??. hey do you have a photocopier at ur house??.
Can we do Tuesday?.
I have band. lol I saw what you put in the youth group post hahah.
\\lool.
I wouldn't have noticed it if Richard didn't tell me about it haha.
hahah.
so is this a meeting/elections, or just elections?.
Both I think.
kcool, is there anything you want to put on the agenda?.
Talk about the "Mini Camp".
yeah ok, i'll addd that. http://dogs-matthewblanchard.tumblr.com/post/34961294627/its-thanksgiving-call-us-in-sometimelol harry made a "podcast".
hhahahahhahaha.
hey can we get together tomorrow at lunch in Savoie's to talk about the AGM thing? I think there's gonna be free food there. hey still wanna skype?.
kk.
where were you at the agm?.
In bed. Sick.
lol kool, oh yeah how did ur wisdom teeth operation go?.
hahaha, I was super normal. How was the AGM?.
lol nice, it was just the usual, judy talking too much and cookies, you totally didn't need to be there.
K, good i guess. Also I think you left your a binder in bio.
oh yeah I did haha, did anyone take it?.
It was there at the start of class. but not at the end....
what?!. let's hope mr savoie took it.
I saw him burning it after class....
lol that sounds like him.
also this : http://animehistory.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/dion.jpg.
lol the url alone. ahahaha. when i saw anime history i thought it was this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_i-XL_fm6E.
ahahahahah this thing is unreal....
lol i considered putting it in the AP history group, but I didn;t.
ahaha, good story!!!.
yeah pretty much a professional storyteller.
How did ya get the gig?.
you can talk to my agent if you want a booking. Oh man do I have some bad news for you.
What??.
guess who's moving to your neighborhood.
Doont worry.. Iknow... and I did some digging... its bull shit....
what? you know? how?.
She already told me.
lol she told me she didn't tell you.
hahaha, she did.... What else did she say.
she was like, I'm moving into a house 3 doors down from him, and I haven't told him yet.
Fuck her..... God she is the worst.
lol how do you know it's bs?. she's actually a compulsive liar.
I know... I wonder why... and I looked at the house she said she was moving into, and asked my parents if the people were moving, and they said no...
what? then why the hell would she say that?!. wtf.
She is fucking crazy.. I am never going to talk to her again...\.
she's actually crazy, I can't believe it took me so long to see it, I can't stand her.
To be fair I think she has gotten worse over time....
mmm yes probably, although I wouldn't know since I've always kept my distance from her.
Always a smart move.
lol creeping her and she valedictorian for LHHS!!!!!.
Lol wut!!!!!.
lol yeah look at her status!.
Tavis is prez and Megan is Valedictorian... leo has low standards....
yeah pretty much the northside lifestylee. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Kathleen-ODonnell-Photography/479456825435757?id=479456825435757&sk=photos_stream. are these not terrible?.
They look nice, but when you really look at them they are sooo awkward..
She's obviously copying the other "teen photographers" at school.
"teen photographers" is the name of my new magazine.
ahahaha, it'll be kids with what appear to be good photography skill but actually just have fancy cameras.
Money(to buy camera) + weird filters = Front cover shit.
this is such a good idea, you'll make millionss.
Im just going to put it up online. I dont care about money, i just love art.
wow, what a service you are doing to the world. we really need more teen photography on the internet.
haaha, Skype l83r wit richard?.
lol omg ya I guesss......... oh and guess what the comm squad just messaged me about.
What?.
postcardz.
MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.MAXANDALICIA.v.
ahahahha, you message them!!!.
Ill just tell alicia tmr at school.
lol ok. oh yeah and major break in the Tommy Camp case, I'll tell on later skype.
skype at 11:30.
kk. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151286812555813&set=a.464233795812.272756.733610812&type=1&theater.
50% gum, 50% Teeth 100% fun!.
lolololol.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152393439065301&set=a.10150315771280301.551531.853005300&type=1&theater.
lololol been there seen thatt.
hahah, How is studying going?.
lol done for the nightt, but it did not go well today, you?.
Doing physics stuff and wonder when we did some of it... What do you have on Monday?.
lol same for me with chem today, I have chem and audio recording on monday, so just 1 exam. u?.
MAth and History... Do you have to do for audio recording?. *what do.
lol that sucks, in recording we just have a final project but me and Robbie finished it last week so we're good to go on that.
Do you have to go at all?.
yeah we still have to go and present which kinda sucks but whatever, at least it's not an exam. oh and I haven't started studying for bio yet, so that exam's gonna be a shitshow.
I fell the same way about bio too... I really dont want to take it next year....
yeah it's pretty bad, sleeping in class doesn't help either. but I'd take it so you don't close any doors for yourself.
Save your tests so I can cheat.....
lol yeah, I'll give you my chem notes too. did I tell you that I'm taking physics next year and I didn't even take it this year?.
I didnt know you were taking it next year! Have you picked all of your courses for next year?.
lol they pretty much chose them for us which really sucks cause I couldn't take any electives.
None?.
well they were like "it's not recommended for first year". they even said we shouldn't have a part time job.
hmm.. are you going to keep yours?.
lol yeah cause all I do is homework there anyways so it's probably worth it. that is if they give it back to me in the fall.
Haha, oh did anything overcome out of the breast feeding scandal?.
hahahahaha well I was terrified to go to work that saturday, but the only thing that happened was that there was a lady that was mad that wanted to write something in the comment box, but she was actually pretty nice about it. apparently is was worse like the day after the story came out, but I didn't have to deal with much.
haha. The other day some one told me they heard you and another person in the band hallway and talking about prom, and you mention that I was going with Nicole, and this person said "I wish I was going to prom with daniel". Who was it/.
lol sorry to disappoint but I do not recall talking about that with anyone. who said they overheard?.
Dejon].
was it like in the hallway or the bandroom?.
Hallway.
haha I honestly don't remember that at all, and I feel like I would remember that too.
This was like 2 weeks ago.
hmmm ok let me thinkk. no honestly I don't think anyone said that to me, cause if they did then I feel like I would have tried to remember it so I could tell you later lol.
Ahaha. ARe we done being co-chairs yet....
hahaha I'm not sure, but I know we have to message max and alicia about postcards. I told david we would like a week ago and we still haven't.
haha just tell them to...
ok I'll get on it tmr, soo tired rn. did a note with richard earlier lol.
Really. Is he done studying to...?.
yeah I think so. he actually cut our conversation off cause he wanted to go to bed, which is opposite of what usually happens.
Did you know richard smokes weed now. ahah.
lol yeah he told me. what do you think?.
hah, what do you mean?.
I dunno I thought you might have an opinion on it haha. daniel lutes likes kill bill.
haha yea, I think it is probably for the best... Calm him down a bit... But last night we were smoking... he took like 2 hits and was like, "man, i am feeling it right now...".
ahahaha, yeah I think he'll be fine as long as he doesn't over do it.
I hope he life is ruined by it.... I really do..... *his.
ahahahahaa just start peer pressuring him and maybe it'll work out.
ahaha. Ill bring some meth to prom and make him smoke it.
ahahaha and JUST him, no one else.
ahahahaha. We still need to find a cliff to sit on the edge of....
hahahaha yeah I know, haven't found one yet, but there's that tree by my house.
ahaha. That might just have to do....
it's like a cliff, but instead of there being a cliff, there's branches!.
Trees seem more dangerous... which isnt always a bad thing....
lol yeah, the easier we'll be able to push richard off after we've drugged him.
Jenny will be there to catch him... Wanna skype for like a minute I have a story.
lol yeah sure.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OdNeFqs0U4.
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahah. lol can't believe someone took the time to make this. the hangover part at the end makes it. yeah, you could take him:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLYSxgkc2EM. https://www.facebook.com/groups/278186058943127/.
Hahahaah. Also is this not a young sam beckley if you've ever seen it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=b9Hj28xWWYo#!.
holy shit that's a crazzy lookalike. actually thought it was him if it wasn't for the freckles. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151698309308081&set=at.10151698308703081.1073741828.839353080.100002274911501&type=1&theater. do you have a photocopier at your house?.
kinda, my printer has one.
can I come to your house at some point to photocopy some forms that I need to give to your mom? I'll also drop all that stuff you left at my house.
Sure thang!.
you still there?. megan's status.
Holy fuck.
how do people like her exist. omg there's an angry birds bong for sale on Girls only!!.
Ahahhaya. Send me the pic.  Ahahga.
. and she was selling 2 others aswell.
Ahhahahahahhahah. Thats is soo good..
let me check if I screencapped the other ones. they're not as good though.
How much is she asking for?.
lololololol I don't remember, but I can check for you?. .
Ahahhaha. No im good..
lol kk. and good cause I creeped that girl's profile and she's sketchy af.
BAHAHAH she is selling them for crack money.
hahahahahahahahaha. my only mutual friend with her is zjardo. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=577913805576167&set=pb.100000726593669.-2207520000.1372101669.&type=3&theater. so much class. http://teen-photographer.tumblr.com/.
AHAHHA Holy fuck!.
holy shit that girl is selling ANOTHER bong!!.
Ahahaha. Group name was changed from "GIRLS ONLY" to "BONGS ONLY".
ahahhahahah, I bet you there's an actual group like that. hey.
Hey.
haha I wanted to skype about my trip but then I fell asleep.
Wait are you there now?.
I'm in Rhode Island right now, I'm leaving for mexico tomorrow, I'm flying out of providence.
Oh cool who are you staying with.
Who am I staying with in RI?. my grandmotherr. Hey I'm in the aftercamp now, message me if you want any dirt on your friends.
Ahhaha i do i do.
Kk, omg I can't wait to talk about shit that happened with you.
With me???.
Omer was sooo drunk last night.
Hahah. Are u still in Mexico??.
Yeah and it turns out cabo is like the most popular tourist destination for Americans in Mexico so there's like a shit ton of clubs and bars and all that and they almost never check id.
How much longer are u there for?.
I'm here until the 27th but some are leaving on the 26th and some are staying a bit longer. Are you in Calgary right now?.
Yes. Am not back till the first.. How was the camp its self?.
Ok cool that's around the time I'll be back cause I'm staying in Quebec city for a bit.
Sweet we need to swap stories!.
Lol yes for sure, how is your camp, is brianna ok?.
What do you mean? What have you heard?.
Oh I just remember you being worries about her after you creeped her on fb. Oh and do you need Mexican pesos??.
Well she was actually really fun to hang with. But she had to go home early because she was sick... and no I got that shot on lock down..
Omg that sucks so much, I knew she wasn't going to be that bad. Lol ok then I'll spend that 20 pesos I had tucked away.
Yeah she left today..
How long have you been there.
21 days.
Omg ok that really sucks then. Have you done leaders night out yet?.
Not yet. Why?.
Just wondering haha.
Haha ye. So how was the camp its self?.
Pretty good like 8 or 9 out of 10. You?.
7. Sometimes its sweet but other times suck.
Really? What sucks about it?.
Just alot of rules.....
Lolol, and we all know how Daniel doesn't like to play by the ruless. https://www.facebook.com/groups/470682683026799/.
Where did you find this??.
I was looking at the CISV New Zealand JB group and it came up as suggestions cause a girl I know from the NZ group is in it.
Ahahhaha. Fuck.
and then when I clicked it, there's like 100 other groups just like it in the suggestions. I had no idea shit like this still existed....
This is the tip of the iceberg... are you in Fredericton yet?.
lol, no I'm in Quebec City at a conference with my mom and dad, I'll be back on Friday afternoon, you?. hey I'm back now. oh and I talked to your mom today when I went to see Anna, glad to hear you had a good time!.
Hey. When did you go to my house?.
like around 8:30.
Yea, I was out on the town by then... We are hanging today right?.
ahaha yeah we're going to the flea market right. ?.
Its not open today.
wtf I thought it was.
Is that what Richard said, because he means value village.. The Flea Market is tmr.
ahaha no there's like a garage sale or something at the exhibition centre.
Oh sweet~. Lets go~.
kk~. oh I forgot to tell you one last thing btw.
Ill be on skype soooon..
haha kk. do you have Grant Oyston on Facebook.
No why?.
I just wanted your opinion on his "online persona".
What is it like??.
it's difficult to describe, but it's like social media guru meets borderline middle age person. and he always comments on his own stuff where he is often the only one commenting. but then other people like the comments, so I'm confused.
Hahaha. Self comments are so middle aged....
ahaha so true, I almost wish you could add this guy so you could see, cause he's like 22.
He has always struck me as a weird guy.
that's funny cause I never really remembered what he was like in person and now that I see him on fb, it makes me curious. oh and this https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10201662508194291&set=at.10201634723739697.1073741825.1526977941.100002642513388&type=1&theater.
I can't open that....
aw shit ok one sec. https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/553019_10201662508194291_1265733330_n.jpg. if you can recognize him....
Tommmmmy c.
Tcaaaaaaaamppp.
AahhaHow?.
it just showed up on my newsfeed ahaha.
What is Tommy camp rank on: the mia x/10 hot or nott scale.
ahaha, do you want all together, or pure looks??.
Both sides of the coin ..
ahaha well after seeing this pic, I don't think he deserves anything less than an 11. let's get real here.
Hahah. TCamp is a reall buck..
TCamp gets allllll the bitches.
He has the sexy mysterious side..
ahahaha, it compliments his physics major quite nicely.
Tommy has a PhD in dogs.
ahahahahaha what can he say, he just loves animals.
He definitely has 900 black labs...
lololol he's a breeder, but he doesn't sell them, he just likes breeding them for fun.
That sick twisted fuck. ...
he's crazy, but that's what the ladies really go for these days.
What was the other story u wanted 2 tell me.
skype now, it's a short one. not really a story.
I cant skype now. I am about 2 sleep.
lol me too, so I'll just tell u. have you seen The Wire?.
Yes yes yes!!!!.
how is it?.
Sooooo GOOD!.
haha ok I was wondering cause I've only seen the first episode and I don't really have a good feel for it. is it suspenseful?.
The more you watch the bettter it gets. It is kinda suspenseful, but not in a classic way..
ok ok, yeah cause me and my friend were watching it together, but it didn't really catch our attention at first, but I'll definitely keep with it for a bit. omg this girl I knew in New Zealand just made this super out of character status.
It is considered the best TV drama ever. Who are you watching it with?. What was it?.
really? then I'm definitely watching it. I was with my friend Richard from CISV haha. one sec I'll paste it. it's long. but I really thought it was a joke at first. Hey guys I know I just moved to Wellington and established a life here but I have some unfortunate news about things that have been happening. I have to move back to Christchurch due some on going problems with addiction. You will probably hear the rumors floating around school in a couple of weeks as to why this sudden move so I might as well say it and admit to my own problems and how I have screwed my own life up.I am addicted to legal highs.This has been why I so moody and reserved from people. I hope my friends and family will support me and take this seriously. I will try and stay in touch with all my amazing friends that I have made in Wellington and hopefully one day be able to move back and go to university here, but for now I need to look after myself to make sure I can become the best person I can be. I really hope people do take me seriously as although I normally would try find humor or a sliver lining in this kind of situation I really can't. I love you all and hopefully I get better soon. xxxxx.
It reads like a fake status kinda. what kind of girl was this....
well I thought she was like a good kid cause she went to this really expensive all girls school and stuff, and she was best friends with this other girl I knew who was pretty straight edge if you see what I'm saying. but I guess she moved to Wellington and maybe she got with the wrong crowd?.
I want to creep this girl...Link me.
lol yeah sure one sec. https://www.facebook.com/greta.evans.351?hc_location=stream. but like, judging from the comments, it's a real status. omg ok she just said it was fake lololol. I was like wtf.
ahahaha, CALLED THAT SHIT..
ahahahaha yeah you're the professional.
I googled Legal High's and this was the first story though.. http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21583270-new-zealands-plan-regulate-designer-drugs-better-trying-ban-them-and-failing-new.
ahahaha nicee, that's a pretty devious hacked status if I've ever seen one.
ahah, yea, I have always thought about those, but never thought people had the balls to do it.....
yeah I know, it seems a bit over the top.
Haha, it is really just a mean thing to do....
ahaha now she had a damage control status up.
Ahahah Paste it here....
of corse. Just a few things that needs to be cleared up:1) I'm not moving back to chch2) I don't have an addiction3) I'm sorry to everyone who believed the status and messaged me it was really thoughtful4) someone managed to get onto my account and it was stupid of me to have not logged off and I'm making sure it wont happen again5) I'm sorry for anyone one was offended message me if you have a problem.
Hahah, that is sooo good..
I knoww. I'm so glad it's now me haha. *not.
Now I wonder who did it....
I dunno, but she gets hacked a lot.
ahahah, i bet it is a brother.,,.
https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/969577_338044942993242_1902645882_n.jpg. hahaha yeah maybe.
Really, tad slutty.... What would her twin think....
ahaha I just can't get past the ponytail.
Ahahah, Yea, What the fuck. Its fashion i guess..
yeah, I guess we just don't understand fashion. hey can I tell you the thing I wanted to tell you earlier?.
sure. on skype?.
yeah sure, it'll be quick.
I got time..
haha ok. has the westbound peacebus come to freddy yet?.
I don't think they are.... Why?.
I was wondering cause Cole is on it and I remember he wrote on my wall "can't wait to see you again" or something like that and I didn't get it at first, but maybe he was talking about the peacebus.
Maybe he thinks you will be at NBM next year....
haha I don't know, but what makes you think they're not coming to fred?.
I think they only stop in cities that the delegates live in..
huh really? I thought it was all the chapters haha.
Idk. Maybe you are right..
one sec, I'll investigate thiss. lol ok they were in Fredericton, but it's all done now and they're just uploading pics. and it looks like they only went to Hopwell Rocks.
Hahah, thats all they need to see....
lol yeah, that's pretty much all nb has to offer so it's good they got that in. nice picz from ur village. I think one of the guys from portugal's sister was with me at my seminar.
Shit who was it?.
last name Montez.
Shittt. Her grandfather is the prez of Portugal..
wtf no wayyyy. she never said anything!!.
Ahah. Apparently the family doesnt talk about it because he gets alot of criticism.
lol all I remember her saying about her country was that the economy was in the shitter. her dad organizes this big music festival in Portugal though.
Yea. Thats the one... she has been 2 china like 10 times.
wtf why, asian enthusiast?.
Well also to Antarctica and brazil a bunch..m.
Antarctica? whoa.
I am so jealous of the kids antonio's life....
haha, his sister is the coolest person. omg guess what that girl is selling on girls only again.
Oh god, what?.
another fucking bong.
Ahah. Girls only is just an endless source of stupid trashy shit. ...
omg I have to show you this one babysitting ad one sec. . this is some klassy shit.
Gahahahahhahahhah love that add soo much.
it just screams Daniel.
That ad is my new favorite thing..
there's other ones too, I'll show you. . . were you at the clinic today?.
Ahaha. Yea, I saw max's dad there. How did u know?.
ahaha I was talking with Max on the phone and he said he thought he saw you. what were you in for?.
Oh he was there 2! I have mono. Lol.
ahahahaha well we can be sick together cause I got my wisdom teeth out yesterday.
Oh that suck soooo much. That is way worse than mono!!! How are you feeling. ..
ahaha it hurts and I can't look at myself without laughing.
Hahaha. What have you been eating?.
soft boiled eggs and smoothies. and apple sauce. that's it.
Ahah that sucks. No ice cream?.
oh yeah, how could I forget?!?!.
So are excited yet for university?.
lol well kinda, talking to woojong right now about it.
Woojong is going to unb?.
lol yeah we're going into the same program. we checked and we're in most of the same classes too.
Thats cool. Is he still with Emily. ..
lol yeah he is actually, to my surprise. haha your mobile said sent from Keswick and now it says sent from Fredericton.
Hahs. I wish I lived in keswick..
ahaha how are you feeling, are you like weak and tired?.
Ahha. Yeah. I have since I got back. But I am usually in bed anyway....
ahaha yeah it must have been hard to tell at first then.
Ha yeah. It should go away soon....
I heard it can last for like 2 months.
Ahhhhu fuck... the more you drink the faster it goes away...
ahahaha well bottoms up then Danny.
By that I assume the doctor means whiskey. ..
yes of corse, that's always what they mean. btw Max was in there cause he has a weird rash ahahahaha.
Ahhah. Weird rash. What is it?.
he didn't give me the details, but he has to put cream on it twice a day for 6 weeks.
Ahahhahahhahahhahah typical max..
I know! I wasn't even surprised. and he's going to LA on Monday.
Thats sweet why?.
He's going with Harry, I guess it's for Harry's bday or something.
Thats a pretty lush bday harry..
ahaha he's livin the high life.
Ahah. Does max have to pay?.
I don't think so, but I forget.
Jeellly of him.
I knoww, I made him promise to get me something. hey I'm sending some stuff to my friend from Portugal, do you want to send anything to her brother?.
Ahah. Ye sure. I am just trying to think of what I should send him....
hahaha ok let me know then.
Skype tonight.  There is a situation I want you to weight in on..
yeah sure, just call whenever. . hey.
Skype?.
ok, gimme 10 mins?.
kk.
ok ready~. Anna's loling about how Ashley liked ur Karim comment.
Ahaha. Its funny how ashley thinks she is in on the joke....
yeah I know haha. hey sorry you couldn't go to Montreal, tough break mann.
Aghahahah. Yea. Thats pegi's fault.
lol I guess good ol' Pegi wasn't that reliable this time. btw another break in the Tcamp case.
What is it?.
apparently he's a major pothead.
What the fuckkkkkkkkkkk.
can you skype?.
Im out.
ok were you the one who made my prof pic nic cage??.
Wgyahah no I wish.
ok I'm sooooooooo confused right now, you better not be lying.
Ahaua cross my heart....
but seriously this is such a mystery.
.
haha I've asked everyone I know that I've logged in on their stuff with and they're all like no.
Ahhahh... scary.
but seriously, if you have any info let me know.
Will do hahah.
have you hung out with richard lately?.
Ya. Last 3 days.
lol nice, how is he? I didn't really talk to him much on the trip.
Yeah. He is good. Doesnt seem all that different from before he left... how was the trip anyway.
yeah I got that impression too hahaThe trip was pretty decent, lots of shopping. Richard went out one night to see his friends and I'm really curious if he drank or not cause he was like super against that before the trip.
Yea. I dont think he drank. At least he didnt mention it...
ok good cause I'd kill him if he did. btw have a good first day of school~~.
Hhaha. Thanks! When do you start?.
Orientation started yesterday, but real classes start on friday.
Excited?.
not exactly the word I would use. https://www.facebook.com/UWBronies.
ahahahahhaha. How did you find this....
I have this girl on fb who is Amanda's sister's former best friend who is like and exec in the club and shared the page. she's a former bff cause she went crazy and started being obsessed with my little pony.
ahahhahaha. How is uni going?.
mmmm ok, there's good and bad parts, I'll have to talk to you about it later haha. oh yeah, and have you thought about what you want to send to your village kid in Portugal?.
ahaha, I have no idea what to send him, what are u sending the girl?.
I'm just sending her her clothes back and some maple cookies cause she asked for them haha. heard you got kicked out of a party for being "too artsy".
Ahahha. Yea... so fucking dumb....
hahaha sorry for your loss. oh and Richard did drink in Montreal.
Hahah fucking richard..
lol yeah, you going to the meeting tomorrow?.
Um maybe.  Are you?.
I don't know yet, I have a test the next day and there's a tutoring session at that time. but I'm not sure if it's really important that I go to the meeting.
Haha ya just dont go. Ill go to this one.
haha k cool, tag teaming it.
2 worlds collide.
lol yeah I saw, I wanted to like the pic, but I don't know either of them well enough. btw I opened this in class with fhs people around, hoping they didn't see lol.
Ahahaha. What eva. This aint High School No more. Also I think they are both taking Kin..
ahahaha, that's pretty freaky.
Everyone came 2 da meeeeting.  Woow.
wooow, did not see that one coming, how did it go?. https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/1000969_10151869047778258_1798976898_n.jpg.
Aghaha did she have a kid.
Lol I don't think so, since she hasn't been preggers in her pics haha. a guy in my psychology class had this shirt on today.
OH god. haahahah How is uni anyway.
lol yeah it's pretty bad, he's also that guy that asks the teacher about psychological theories in the middle of class like he knows everything. haha it's alright I guess. I wouldn't call it the time of my life.
Ahahhaa. Whats wrong with it?.
it's just like really hard and no fun. and the only people I talk to are irina and woojong.
That sucks.... what are you going to do?.
I have no idea, I can't tell if I hate it cause it's hard or I hate it cause I don't like science.
That really sucks. How much studying is it?.
I would say 60% of my free time is trying to study, 30% is thinking I should be studing, and 10% is actually studying.
Ahhah. How are tge classes going??.
some are better than others but they're pretty decent, biology is deathly boring though, as usual. but basically if you don't study enough outside of class you won't be able to understand future lectures. lol the people in front of me are creeping Megan and I'm pretty sure they're bitching about her.
ahhahahah wouldnt be surprised... That sucks that its boring though. Skype with me and richard.
ah shit I was in bed before I got this, tonight?.
Tmr night?.
as in tonight? ya sure. hey you wanna skype tonight?.
Cant 2nite. Working on essay.
lol nice, good luck with that. hey what seminar did you get for AP history btw?. guess who just accepted my friend request https://www.facebook.com/matteozanella?notif_t=friend_confirmed.
AHAHAHHAHA he declined me... and I am not in APWH cuz it didnt fint my schedule....
omg, I guess we all know who the favourite was now.... wow I didn't know, what was conflicting?.
I dont i think it was my AP physics....
hahaha yeah probz not.
Maybe my math or sum shit. Now I just have poli sci.
lol so are you disappointed?.
Not really. ahaha.
haha yeah you probably didn't miss much. do you think I should go to NBM?.
Its up to you. I dont know if the board will pay for you to go though..
lol I doubt it, I think I'm going to run for the eh team, but I'm not sure yett.
You should!! Maybe you could get a ride up with who ever is going up. Are you going to the meeting tmr?.
yea I'll have to see. I have a midterm tomorrow but I might go anyways, are you going?.
Not. I have a physics test tmr..
lol good excuse, do you think it's worth it for me to go?.
If I were u I wouldnt...
ahahaha ok maybe I won't then.
Aha. What midterm do you have?.
bio, and I have chem on friday. bio is the worst class everr.
Ahaha. What makes it bad? Is it the prof?.
yeah the prof is superr boring and she always gives unnecessary information, and the content is really dull to start with.
Shitty. Do you think u are gonna change ur classes for after Christmas?.
I haven't decided yet, it's kind of a tricky situation haha.
Yea. Where would you want to switch to?.
well I think I want to do psychology, but for that you have to choose either a BA or BSc, so it's really a matter of if it's worth it to swtich into arts.
Do you want to be in arts?.
I don't really know, I've always sort of ruled it out without consideration, but lately I've been considering it cause I'd do anything but science right now. I just don't really like the idea of getting an arts degree I guess.
What about buzz?. *bizz.
hmmm maybe, not sure cause I really like psychology, but I don't really want to do science or an arts degree so I'm screwed hahabut I should probably look into the degree program a bit more, cause I think for the BSc, there's not as much science after the first year....
Hmmmm.. It sucks that you don't like the shit you are doing....
yeah, it;s pretty depressing actuallybut it's funny cause like during the week it doesn't fee too bad cause you're all wrapped up in everything, but when it comes to the weekend I just have like no modivation to do things cause I just think about how not interested I am in everything.
How are you doing in your classes?.
it's really mixed, I have like a 96 in my bio lab and then like a C in the bio class and a B in physics and chem about.
Thats still pretty good though isnt it?.
yeah it alright, in university the percentages are different letter grades though, sometimes 60 is a C. lol I heard you got best actor, congratz~.
Lollol. Thx. I'm a star! Tcamp just accepted my friend request ffrum 2 months ago.
lol omg and all this time we thought he hated u.
That was the best thing that happened to me this year....
hahahaha, well I mean it's a pretty hard thing to top. someone got grad photos https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10201483398579639&set=a.1559681064726.74110.1016262677&type=1&theater.
Oh good god........
more like oh good god bless america.
Ahha. I am really weirder out by max now. I wonder what he is like now...
lol yeah I know, I don't know if I would meet up with him, cause it would be super awkard but I'm so curious. btw what's the deal with this whole legging scandal?.
Someone just said that they were banning them, but they werent.
lololol what an FHS classic. so Zach Hall, Tarra Joshi and Mercedes are running against me for DCC.
Are you going up???.
nah I'm just sending a video, I hope it doesn't hurt my chances. but Tarra's already had the position and Mercedes in also running for NJR, so I'm hoping that will help my chances.
What do you think your odds are?.
I have no idea, but I really hope I get it, I haven't read the others' applications yet.
Who else is applying for what?.
it's mercedes and some random for NJR, sierra for NCC, Francois and Mitch for ECC, and Harley for ICC.
So DCC is the hardest..
yeah pretty much, but there are two spots open.
Oh. Really. That ups ur chances a lot. Do u know if Zach is going to NBM.
no I don't but I bet he is. pretty sure mercedes is going and not sure about tarra, but I bet she is too cause she's on Eh team.
She lives in Toronto now so probs..
mercedes or tarra?.
Tarra. But I saw that Mercedes is going..
ok, yeah I think mercedes is at McGill?.
Ya.
so many people seem to be at McGill.
I know. And everyone I have asked this year said they are applying...
hahaha pretty ambitious. do you think you'll want to go there?.
Yea. There or u of t or waterloo. But my number 1 is mcgill.
wow cool, have you decided what you want to do yet?.
Ya. I going to do art science, (computer science and economics).
cool yeah that sounds good. I think I'm gonna transfer schools next year.
Really??? Where do u think you'll go??.
yeah I'm thinking either OttawaU or Dalhousie. but I can't decide.
are you u going to stick with science?.
I haven't really decided yet, but I think I will and do a BSc in Psychology. I dunno I've just decided to stop thinking about it for a while haha.
How are ur classes going??.
ok I guess, not great but I'm getting by, I should probably apply myself more than I am.
Do u think you will be able to transfer in to uOttawa or Dalhousie with ur marks now?.
I don't really know, I thought about that, I'm not sure what the policy is on transferring and marks, but probably, especially if I pick it up next term. worst case scenario I'll have to retake some classes when I get there.
Yea. What's the rational for the transfer? Just want to get out of Fredericton?.
yeah, I just kinda realized that all my friends in Fredericton are leaving for university next year except for Woojong, and I want to meet new people cause I really haven't met anyone at UNB worth staying for. are you reading this post in the JB group?.
YEa. U should offer to go.
do you think so? I would feel awkward since I haven't been around. does it cost anything for me?.
I have no clue..
ok should I ask then??.
Yea,  because as is we arent sending anyone....
ok done, I hope they reply soon. omg I found your dad on Google maps!.
haahahahahahahah typical bob!.
hahahaha good ol' reliable. i like that he's wearing rubber boots to rake the lawn.
That's his work outft for all seasons....
haha what a classy guy. did you go to the minicamp?.
Ahahahha no. Lol.
hahaha so you don't go to meeting then either?.
Ahhahah no..
lol even so, I think we're still not the worst past chairs.
Ahhahahha. Impossible. Travis and sam. Or kevin.
hahaha for sure, I'll have to tell you about the whole NBM thing later.
http://thebruns.ca/breaking-aunbt-sets-strike-deadline/. Ur dad is in this.
lol yeah he's the chair of the collective bargaining coucil. I've gotten the inside scoop the whole time haha.
How does an email leak? ahah.
lol I don't even know, maybe they did it on purpose haha. I'll have to ask my dad tmr.
How long do you think the strike will last?.
well my dad said that the average strike length is 17 days. but they have no idea. it's basically all on the administration and how long they drag their asses on this.
So what does it mean for the students? Will you just finish later?.
we don't really know yet, but the most plausible thing is we'll probably lose our march break. and maybe finish a bit later. lol my dad said the administration "leaked" the email.
aha, Why?.
who knows, my dad wasn't mad or anything, maybe they think they're exposing them or something, but they were about to tell everyone anyways so it's not like a secret or anything.
AHhah, so the strike is going to happen?.
yeah pretty much, my dad said it will unless a miracle happens. the administration are being assholes though so I'm pretty sure they'll be a strike.
Hey mia long time no talk!!!.
Haha yeah hey. What's up?.
Nm. Jb news max and Alicia were empeached at the last jb meeting!.
What the fuck are you serious?.
Ahahah. Yeah my mom told me this morning.  Its crazyy.
Omg hahaha why did they get kicked out, did the adults do it?.
The jb did it!.
Whoa so do you know why?.
Cuz they didn't go to the meetings.
Haha wow. We are approaching rock bottom I think. What did ur mom say?.
Just layed down the facts.. ye. This is rock bottom..
I feel kinda bad that we ditched them. But at the same time it's so freeing that there really was no other option.
I just was not interested this year.
Yeah same, like I ran for that position for national, but if I got it what would I even say about our chapter? Like I feel like there's literally nothing left we can do. It was just too frustrating.
Yea. Yea. I dont know. I think we did our job.. Mqx and Alicia are lacking.
Yeah I think we did all can do. Like I see max and I'll ask him about cisv and he'll like just shut it out and never want to talk about it.
Hmmm dave and justice are coming up as chair..
I hope they're ok, what does David think?.
Hasnt said anything.  But I thibk he is nervous....
Yeah probably, he was kinda pushed into it in the first place. omg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt0YJ9ObO3k. speak of the devil.
Ahhah it gave me an error..
just put in the search: cisv fredericton introduction video. omg and then the juxtaposition of this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCuUCmDV_o0.
AHHAHA, I am suprised that people are showing up!!!. Watching that vid made me a lil nostalgic....
Yeah I know haha I was surprised Liam chase was there Yeah same, it almost makes me feel bad for dropping off the map. But then I just remember how frustrating it was.
ahaha, i feel ya. How school going?.
haha it's pretty bad right now since they're trying to get a bunch of stuff in before march break since they're not allowed to make things due that week haha. how's the ol fhs?.
Same shit different day, ready to be done... What are ur plans for nxt year?.
Hahah classic, yeah I think I'm gonna apply for uottawa and dal but I'll probs go to Ottawa, you?.
Probs McGill. IDK. How was MCing CCNB new years?.
Haha yeah I hate thinking about university :/lol it was pretty chill, omg but you should have seen some of the graphics they put up.
HHAh, where they weak?? Who does them?.
lol they were so bad it was funny, it's like they just google image searched shit and put it in a slideshow while the dances were going.
Ahah, how was MCing with rich.
Lol it was decent, we kept it classy, but you should have heard how cheesy the others mcs jokes were. How's Richie these days?.
I can only imagine.  Frank is a riot! Rich is still a cock. Only talks to me when he wants something from me...
ahahahaha omg do I have a story about that.
Ahhaham dish the dirt..
ok it's kinda long. of and the obligatory "don't tell richie". *oh. oh but before I tell I should tell you that he told me a while ago that all his friends in high school were like not hanging out with him because you guys all have significant others of something haha. and I was like thinking "maybe they're all just annoyed with you".
Ahahhaha. Yea. Its funny that he said that. Aha.
haha yeah ok so anyways a while back I was talking to irina about how I was annoyed with richard and like how he's like different then he used to be and stuff. cause we always sorta bitch about him not doing youth group stuff together. so like a couple weeks after he's been wanting to skype me and I was getting out of it, cause I really don't need to listen to his girl problems for 3 hours. but then he messages me and is like, can we schedule something, so I know I have to say yes, and I just know it's gonna be about what irina said, cause I guess she's a backstabber apparently lol. oh and before all this I was like super monotone and unresponsive to him when we talked and he didn't even notice. but anyways so he just straight up asked me like, "I've heard some things" and I was like oh shit. and then we was like "someone said that you think I've changed". and so at first I tried to kinda like save myself and cover it up. but then eventually it just became this huge monologue for me highlighting all the things that I'd been annoyed at him with!!!. but I know he doesn't really listen to people when they're talking so I kept asking him comprehension question throughout and he couldn't answer ANY OF THEM. if was seriously so perplexing. and then somehow we got on a tangent about Tess, and in that tangent, he literally proceeded to do pretty much all the things that I JUST told him were bad. anyways long story short it looks like he's not gonna change any time soon.
Hahaha. He told me about that call. Hahah for like a day he acted like he was worried about it. But then he stopped and hasnt brought it up since!.
ahahaha yeah that seems about right. like I said all these things, and I asked him what he got out of the call, and all he said was "uhhh, sometimes when I think I'm right, I'm not".
... I liked neurotic richard way more than douche richard..
ahahaha, same. oh and that same day we had this huge debate about how like he can't use girls to solve all his problems. cause I said that you can't rely on others for you own happiness and that's not what being in a relationship is about. and he like flat out didn't believe me.
Ahahaha i dont think he gets that its not okay to use people.
ahahaha that's the best description though actually.
I wonder what Tess thinks of him...?.
lol who knows. me and woojong were talking the other day and there's a pretty good chance she's a sociopath hahahaha.
HAHAHA, thats exactly what I said to him, and he blows it off!!! She seems like a crazy!.
ahahaha classic richie, but yeah I went through all the symptoms with wj and it's at least borderline.
She jerked him around alooot. But at least it was to himmm..
lolol yeah, did you hear about Yoon?.
I heard what richard said.
haha yeah I've never heard of anyone who treated their "bf" that shitty.
Richard sells it like it was all yoons fault.
lol it's totally not.
What happened thenn?.
apparently like they never said anything about their relationship when Yoon went away, so he assumed they were still going out. and would like txt her everyday even though it was inconvinient for him. and then meanwhile in freddy she was saying things like "I'm glad I'm single". all while she was still getting txts from him. and then he like visited freddy over xmas just to see her cause his parents aren't even here anymore and she still didn't say anything. and then like he showed up to richard's party and she was like caught red handed hanging with richard and that's how it ended.
ahahahaha, fucking richard... he was telling me that yoon didnt want to go out with her anymore, and it was a mutual split.....
lol who knows cause I'm hearing it pretty down the line, but I really doubt it happened like how richard said.
I think he likes to bend facts to make a point.
oh yeah definitely, when I gave him advice I would like always ask him to see things from the other person's perspective, and he's actually incapable of doing so.
hahaha I no, and he always claimed to be so good at it.
lol yeah I know!. tbh I'm starting to think he's a crazy.
I no. It kinda sucks cuz me and him use to be BFFs, but now he only talks to me when he wants weed... and he blames it on the fact that I am dating Rachel, and one time he gave me shit for spending so much time with her. But its like I dont even spend thaaaat much time with her, but yea, she is my girlfriend, look at how much time u spend with tess, a girl ur not even dating.... he didnt like it when I said that...
like who says that shit? why does he even care if you're spending too much time with Rachel when all he wants from you is weed?. he's clearly just using that as an excuse to justify his guilt.
Yea, all of the "dudes" kinda feel the same way. He is just kinda a bad guy now..
yeah, and it kinda crept up on me, we used to be super close and then all of a sudden it seemed like all he did was talk about himself.
yea, he use to not be like that. I think he always claimed that SHAD made him  a better person, but I thinkk it made him worse..
haha it's almost like that fact that it gave him confidence was a bad thing. it's like he thinks that like if he has all those good-guy-on-paper things that it will make him a good guy.
Yeah! But is really just doesnt work. . . I dont even know who he is friends with now... Daniel He?? and thats it??.
lol and Tess I guess??.
Yea, i guess. I dont know, I think he is just a friend collector now....
yeah that's totally his thing cause he's always talking about how he loves talking to people to hear all their secrets. wj told me he got daniel he into weed too.
ahaha, well daniel he got him self into weed, but they are both soo dumb about it....
ahaha yeah apparently richard does it cause he gets super stressed about tess or something.
Yea, thats a really good idea richard. use drugs to releave stress and dampen emotion, that has never turned out bad for anyone... oh wait HE IS A FUCKING IDIOT!!!.
ahahaha, I just hope he doesn't take it too far.
Knowing him he will.. Anyways Imma hit the hay! GN!.
lol omg samezies ttyl. One step closer to world domination.
Ahhahahahahhahahhahahahahhaha. Well hes right about the not being photogenic part..
Lololol yeah that's for sure.
Fo you get to vote for him?.
Haha I have no idea, I feel like maybe. There's all these campaign posters up rn.
Ahahhah. I wonder if he will win.. do u ever see him.
Lol he probably will cause I haven't seen anyone running against him haha. Yeah I saw him a few times last semester. Still creepy as ever. Where's Megan at this year?.
Ahhahaha. She is at stu I think. She lives in my neighborhood now... yet I havent seen her all year..
Ahahahaha oh yeah I forgot. I'd say ur pretty lucky then.
I know. I am really amazed.  Any day now shell knock on my door... I can feel it..
Hahaha it must be so hard living with that kind of fear. I don't even know what I would say to her if I saw her.
Ahh. Just run..
Haha good plan, ht are you in Quebec??.
Yeey. How u know??.
Hahaha it says sent from Montreal. Also I was talking to Anna about how they're feeding ur cat lol.
Ahahahaga. Yea. Good ol mac the cat. We are just picking up my brooo..
Ahaha nice, maybe get a little shopping in too while you're there haha.
https://scontent-a-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/t1.0-9/s403x403/10155984_673929639320362_818055089_n.jpg. Do u remember this face!?.
ahaha yeah pretty much, you dont?.
Ahahah. Yea. Matthew!.
lol speaking of not recognizing faces https://www.facebook.com/pratama.aristya?fref=pb&hc_location=friends_tab. still don't know who this is.
Ahahha that was just some rando who added all of us for some reason.....
lol I feel like I can't delete him cause he's probably in CISV. btw great chair moving at rehearsal #oscarwinningperformance.
HAHHA he is in cisv!!! And thx what were u doing,  stage manager stuff???.
lol yeah I was just helping Monica out with stuff, what's your role in the play??.
Im the police officer.  So I dont do much.  Im just filling in cuz someone dropped out.
haha that's cool for you though, who dropped out?.
Dawson Gorham..
ahaha really?? when did he drop out?.
Like 2 or 3 weeks ago. So plenty of time..
haha really, cause I was talking to him pretty recently about how him and Spencer wanted to direct the drama club next year.
HEy mia, What was the story u wanted to tell me?@.
haha it's pretty short can you skype?.
gimme 5 mins?.
kk. .
U gonna do it..
lol no, you should!.
Ahahha I dont have any crazi ones.
too bad cause it would be so cool to be on the show. you should just smoke a ton now until something hilarious happens.
Ahahha maybe ill do the story where me and josh mac eat weed cookies.
lol yeah that's a good one. you should definitely just submit it, even if it doesn't go through.
YEA, Hey i am applying 4 the black kat scholar thing, can I write a reference letter and put ur name on it???. Itll just say u were cochair with me..
Hahaha yeah sure, I can read it over too if you want.
Ajaja, my parents are making me apply :(.
Lol it's not that bad, the reception thing is a glorified photo op basically. The bad thing is that they make you write a paragraph on your accomplishments and they read it out loud while you're standing next to them. It's super awk. Especially since some people definitely talk themselves up hahaha.
AHaha, what kind of people do it?.
You know Anika boehler?. She did it the most lol. Everyone else was ok, it's kinda hard to tell, pretty sure jenny wang did too.
HAHAh i have herd about jenny wang.
Lol yeah she's a character. I don't mind her as much as some people.
Richard seems to really hate her. Did Tommy camp get one?.
Lol yeah he would from being in her math class. And no, pretty sure he doesn't do any extra curries. *curriculars. That we know of....
haha, he runs an all boys kayak camp in northern Quebec.....
Ahaha, oh yeah almost forgot that one. Surely that counts as some leadership skills. I can't even imagine him as a camp counsellor. No pun intended.
hahaha. have u heard from him at all this year?.
Omg I wish, I did ask Will about him and he said all he's heard from him is one time he sent him a video of how to properly cut a watermelon captioned "thought you would appreciate this".
HAHAHHAHH, that just leads to so many more questions.
I know!! I asked will like "what's his deal?" And will just laughed and was like "he's an enigma". https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x0oysuSTMI. thought you might find this interesting haha.
Ahhahahahahahhahah. I enjoyed. Where did u find this?.
Haha I was watching this other rap video from tumblr and just started watching the related vids and found this gem.
Ahahah. Are u done  exams???.
Haha I wish, I still have one left :/. Saw Richard at the sub yesterday haha.
Hahah I was testing the site with him at unb last night.
ahaha oh really? for what?.
His dad is launching a website.  Ahah I am at JPHMUN.  Abd there is a total travis daley guy but smart..
Ahaha what country are you?.
Russia on sc..
Whoa nice, how's that working out for you haha.
HHAH it was fun. But some real try hards....
haha yeah classic, sorry for the long reply I forgot about fb being blocked in China haha.
Are you in China rn? Or are you back..
I'm in Taiwan haha.
Ou. Thats really cool. Hows the trip so far?.
it's been pretty crazy, this is the 4th place we've been to so far haha.
Where else have you been?.
we were in Beijing for a week, the XiAn, then ChangSha and now Taipei. and we're here for 4 more days then we leave.
How are you getting around?  Driving???.
haha it's different in every place so far. Beijing we went on the subway. XiAn we just walked. and in ChangSha my mom's business associates drove us around everywhere lololol.
Ahahahhahah. I saw ella at a party the other day and shee wasss so drunk.....
lol yup that sounds about right. I think she plays it up a bit. ...maybe haha.
ahaha, when it was happening it was just really awkward because no one was drunk, and she was really hammered.....
lol awk, was it like a rager or just like a few ppl there?.
It was pretty packed....
haha awk, hey do you need any Chinese/Taiwanese money?.
I have china but not taiwanese!!!.
sweet I'll save some for you then, did I ever give you mexican money too?.
Heard you got a job at DOE! Congrats. Lol..
lol yeah, heard you got a job working for Judy, good luck haha.
Ahahhaha. Apparently every person who has had the job working for CISV has hated it... sooo idk.
lol I actually applied for that job too, but I got back the day after they finished interviews.
Ahahha. I think I have 2 work out of Chris Daleys house.....
ahahaha if you're lucky maybe you'll run into Travis!.
A boy can dream....
I think he has a new gf. You going to Anna grad party??.
YEa, Are you/.?.
Haha you know it!.
Who iss it 4?. like who goes.
Lol Anna says it's for "fam and friends who are not idiots".
ahhaha, how long is it?.
It's like a drop in and goes from 4-6:30 or 4:30-6 I forget haha.
Are u supposed to dress upp?.
No idea, I'm just wearing like a summer dress, but I don't think it really matters.
Tux it is.. Hows work going?.
Ahaha it's actually kinda boring so far, but it beats most jobs so can't complain haha. How does Chris like it?.
He likes it enough i guess, he just listens to podcasts amd fills out shit. What do you do at ur job?.
Ahaha that's actually pretty sweet, I'm at reception so I just wait for calls and ppl to come in. But I'm being relocated next week so idk what it will be like the. *then.
Where are you being relocated?.
They haven't told me yet haha. But they have showed me my office haha. So maybe I'll be there.
So will you still be out in marysville?.
Oh yeah, they're just moving me around to fill in for ppl on vacation. And I'm pretty sure I'm just moving around human resources.
Thats cool, youll be incharged of firing ppl? ahah.
Haha oh yeah, they just dump that on the summer students. Have you started your job with Judy yet?.
aha, It starts on the week of the 23. But i have done some little stuff here and there. I am very concerned about it though... I dont think Ill have enough work to do....
Haha, what's it been like so far?.
Basically bingo and meetings. Living the dream.
Ahaha ah man good luck, any bonding with Judy yet?.
ahaha, not yet, but we are doing a couples retreat in Bar Harbor next weekend. so fingers crossed..
Speaking of cisv couples, guess what two people are working at the same job this summer?.
whoooo?.
Megan and Travis hahahaha.
AHHAAHHAHAHHAAHHAHAH.
They're both working at Canadian tire.
What the fuck?!?! where did u hear this?.
Lol Liam Gilbert Walsh works there too and we were chatting at a family thing.
Oh haha, Travis told me he was working for the City. I literally never see megan..
Lol awk, maybe he's doing both? Yeah I never see Megan either, but apparently she's bffs with Catherine Craig now??.
Ahha. I know.  Why Catherine???.
It's so weird, and as far as anyone can tell it's completely genuine.
Hahah. Thats the strangest part of the whole thing. Like does Catherine n9t know any better? ??.
Lol just got word, she actually can't stand her hahaha. Knew it couldn't be true.
Ahahahahahhahahahahhahaha. Well that makes more sense.
yeah really haha. apparently Catherine said that Megan asked if she knew that her dad and her step-mom were sleeping together while he was still married to his mom.
Ahahahah. How does meagan know that???.
her mom was friends with like Catherine's mom or something.
Ahahha that is so fucked. Have you been talking with Catherine?.
I know!!! Yeah we were at this sleepover thing together last night. #girltalk. she said she hates everyone in her program at school haha.
Ahahha. Welcome to stu....
lol yeah srsly. Robbie Lynn's actually going into that program next year haha.
Lucky her... What is the program?.
It's called aquinas, I'm not sure what you do exactly, but I think it's a lot of readings haha.
Ahaha wierd..
haha yeah, hey do you have any podcast recommendations for me? I'm kinda getting burnt out on This American Life haha.
Planet money.  The moth. Wtf with marc maron. Are all good..
Cool thanks, I've heard of planet money and wtf but I've never listened to them. Planet money is about economics right?.
Yeye. It's about economics. But l8ke the fun kind. NPR does the show..
kk, I'll check it out, what are the other ones about??.
The moth is like people telling stories from their life. They are usually really good. And wtf with marc maron is him interviewing comics and musicians.  Its really only good when u know the actor or comic..
ok cool, yeah I was actually listening to a TAL podcast today and the mentioned The Moth. I feel like that's probably the one I'll find the most interesting.
Yea. Thats where I heard avout the moth..
cool I'll check it out tmr, do you listen to it on a website to from iTunes?.
I have an android so its just from an app!.
haha ok I'll figure it out. lol guess who friend requested me on fb.
Whoo?.
none other than Sarah Hirtle herself hahaha. haven't accepted yet....
Who's that???. Oh reach girl. Abahhahaha.
hahaha yeah, she's in my program at unb.
Ahahaa. Send her a message to hang out..
lol ya totes, I really feel like we need to move past our unspoken "enemyship".
Ahahahha. Did u coin that term???.
yeah I guess, just now haha.
Ahhaha im stealing that. Ahah.
lol be my guest, maybe it'll catch on!. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=427385930737152&set=a.291483304327416.1073741825.100003972456209&type=1&theater.
Ahahhahahahahahah. We should have gone..
lol yeah looked like a pretty bitchin time. the best part about the photo is that I thought it was from like 3 years ago.
ahahhahaah yea. Hey can u send the reference number and dates from your seminar Camp? (4 my ol' job).
yeah sure when I get back from work, if I can find it haha.
Okay thanks!.
ref number: S-2013-012 dates: July 3rd -23rd. I think the reference number is that, but let me know if it's something else.
Thats the one!.
Sweet cool, you should come to Anna's later!!.
. D cooper.
Ahahahaha omg ur the second person to notify me of this!.
Was the first person David?.
Lol i wish! Nah it was Lucy haha. Do you even have d coop on fb?.
Yeah! Were bros.
haha, closer with him than your actual brother David I bet. james beirne messages me out of the blue #awk.
Ahahahaha. What did he say?.
lol he's just like, it's 1 am in ireland and you're the only one online. now I feel like I have to make conversation cause he's bored.
Ahahaha.  Wow smashing pick up line!. Hahaha. The more I hear about him the more I dislike him!.
oh god i hope it's not a pick up line :/. yeah same. I've been hearing less good things about Will lately also.
Ahaha. Oh yeah? Spill!. Me 2 btw.
u wanna skype?.
Kk sec.
ya same. Connie Mcdonnie's prof pic.
ahahahaaha. Connor MacGlasses.
Lol, it's him trying to be charismatic.
ahahah, Do you have monika Serrano on FBÉ.
Lol no but I've heard of her and she was in a few of my classes this year, why??.
She posted an album today on FB of a photoshoot she did. SO wEIRD!.
Oh yeah? Haha who was the "photographer"?.
James "Smokey" Caverhill.
Omg is one of the pics her cover photo?.
AHHAHAHAHAH yea!!. Tip of the ice berg.
Actually burst out laughing. Srsly? I wanna see more now!.
HAha oh shit i think she took down the album. I have it open but when i click on a picture it says content unavible.
Whoa, did she like just put it up?. I wonder if ppl made fun of it.
She posted it sometime earlier today.  But it was suuuuuper suggestive, as in butt picz. ahah.
Ahhhh that's sooo awk. Like why?. Maybe her parents made her take it down lolol.
haha i really hope they saw it. ahah.. But the whole album she looks extremely uncomfortable.
Haha really? I bet it's cause the photographer had his shutter shades on.
aahahahaha, Yea i saw that pic of him. I would love to walk by this shoot in odell.
Ahaha yeah seriously. I've seen bad photoshoots before but that's one of the worst I've seen. And that was just one pic.
ahahha, She is a body builder too!.
Lol yeah I've heard. It's funny cause she seemed super weird in class, like she'd sit right up front and try to be bffs with the teachers. Once I was sitting behind these people that were like bitching about her and stuff.
ahhaah, she dated travis.
Lol yeah, I remember hearing of it but I never witnessed it. Didn't she like do CISV for a while?.
she came to a mini-camp once or twice. she seemed like a rel idiot.
Yeah she has a bit of "crazy eyes" going. She and Travis should have stayed together tbh.
Once I brought her up to trav daddy and he was like "Oh god, dont remind me of her". If travis dislikes her how bad is she!?.
Haha yeah seriously, I didn't have too many interactions with her, but she was  like the only one that would volunteer for class demonstrations. Her and Jacqueline cleland.
Ahahah who is that?.
Lol she's just this girl in my grade who's known for being weird, she like dressed up for holidays and stuff and got most school spirit?.
hahahaha oh shit, that girl. Whats her deal?.
Lol her mom's basically crazy. I knew her in grade 6, and her mom would make her go to bed at like 7.
Ahahahhaha. Sounds well adjusted to me! Wheñ are you going up to dal?.
Haha, my last day of work is next Friday and then I'm actually going to New York for a few days to meet up with some ppl from my seminar camp! Then I'm flying home and driving up on the 31st haha. What about you?.
Ahaha I go up the 23rd! Its stupidly early.
Lol that's weird, how long does your orientation last?.
like a week, but there is time inbetween move in day and orientation.
Oh ok, that doesn't really make much sense though haha. Tbh not really looking forward to orientation.
Same here! Ahha. Its just one big party and I dont think that's my scene.  Because ur 19 do u think ppl are gonna be asking you to buy them liquor?.
Ya same, oh god I hope not but probably. I'm planning on putting off telling my age as much as possible haha. I'm also not looking forward to all the "icebreaker" activities.
Ahahha, yea, well youll be a pro cuz of Cisv.
Lol yeah I'm sure the blanket game will be a hit with college kids!.
aahahaha. Bring it out on ur first day there!.
Haha, I'll be so popular. Maybe I'll even get the chance to run some activities!. omg Kristen McFawn so copied ur profile pic haha.
Ahahah. What can I say. The boys want me the ladies want to be me.
Ahahah.
. Look at it on fb..
omg it's his cover photo!!. do you get the caption?.
Not at allllll. I think its an attempt at a joke.
yeah it's hard to say exactly, cause it also comes off as a passive agressive remark kind of.
Ahahah. Yeah I felt weirdly condescend to. Tonight I saw papa probert at the airport.
Haha speak of the devil! Who were you dropping off at the airport?.
Picking up ol Dave! He was on a step up from the UK. *in.
oh yeah haha, did he have a good time? who else was in his delegation?. https://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=804099866300798&set=ms.c.eJw1x8ENACAMAsCNDCJpYf~%3BFNEbvd4aQuGoBHQ9DE8e99U4y1WL~_nVqCswGXHQy3.bps.t.1016262677&type=1&theater.
Tahara and mira and some guy from out west. He said it was really fun but there were alot of fuckers at the camp.. I cant see the photo :'(.
lol oh yeah? Does he have any good stories?.
Ahaha not really. Just that there were some competitive arabs. Ahah. Whats the pic of?.
lol nice, it's a pic from Max from village, I'll try and get it for you, but I bet if you went to his profile you could guess which one it is.
Is it the balls one?.
.
Ahahhahahahaha. Yeah.
lol yup nice.
Some ppl never change..
lol oh definitely, I wonder what it would be like to meet him again.
ahah, he is studying materials engineering in West Virginia I think. He seems kinda normal, except I think he is super republican..
lol yeah the whole republican thing makes me more skeptical of him. tbh I never thought I'd ever know like a real republican lol.
haha. do u no carol davis?.
Wat is she a republican?.
haahha, nooo, I got matched with her on tinder.. ahaha.
Ahaha ohhh ok was confused there for a sec, yeah i kinda know her. She's pretty chill.
I also Got matched with CAit Gautron ahahahahahah.
Lolol that's hilarious!! Do you see a lot of ppl you know on it?.
AHah, like a few here and there, I also got matched with Rian Smith. But I think she deleted her tinder.. OR deleted me :o.
Ahaha too good, I want to know who like has it and takes it seriously.
hahaha, make an accout lol. I wonder what guys have it..
Haha I'm curious too but I'm scared to make an account lol.
hahah, its pretty low risk.. Low reward too. Prob alot of creepy guys tho.
Ahaha lol yeah, I bet good ol Jeff probert is on there. Has anyone ever messaged you on it?.
ahah yea. its pretty common. infact Cait messaged me. But i only responed once.
Haha it must be so awk, I wonder if anyone ends up meeting from it.
Ahah. Id hope not. But ppl def do. Its just awkward when ur matched with some1 u kinda know.
lol ya I bet, that's so Fredericton too haha. seeing someone you kinda know but you haven't met and you have to pretend that you don't know who each other is when you do.
Ahahaha. I always feel like that. Then I think to myself maybe the person actually doesnt know me..
lol yeah same, or like sometimes the person will act like they know me and I have no idea who they are. Then I wonder like, "where were you where people were talking about me?" haha.
HAHAHA. THats really true. I always wonder what people say about me yhat dont know me..
I know same! Every once and a while I'll find out something and I always remember it for some reason.
Haha what do u mean?.
Like if my friend tells me what someone I don't really know thinks of me I tend to remember it haha.
Ahaha. Yeah. I always find that wierd.  Like how did that person go about forming an opinion about me if I dont know them.. Why were you in ryan tapleys living room april 18th?.
Ahaha i knew you'd ask that. He was having like a going away "party" and I was invited haha. Was pretty surprised to be on the list really.
How was the party??. It looked showie.
It was pretty I interesting. It was like mostly his family there, and then there was like 8 friends there and we just like chilled on our own. I was like the only person there that wasn't in theatre. It was pretty awk, I had to stick with Matt Leblanc and Connie haha. Mrs McAllister was there for a bit too haha.
Ahahahahah. What the fuck!!!. Mrs McAllister showed up.. My invite must have been lost in the mail.. Also. Do u know this face.
ahaha yeah we were all wondering where you were!!. lol yeah Mrs. McAllister was really nice about it too, apparently she's been to the Gertler's for dinner too!. lol is that the famous jc Ryan Ross?.
HAHAHA. AHHAHAHA.. Didnt mean to use all caps. But its funny she went to the gerts.. And yeah. Ryan ross has hit rock bottom. Or peaked.
lol yeah one of the two, what's he up to these days? Still at the hippie commune in Israel lol. lol wtf?  https://www.facebook.com/notes/ryan-ross/the-pursuit-of-happyness-i-know-this-spelt-wrong/2278203277.
ahaha, that made zero sense,.
yeah I know, I was like "okkkkkk..." haha.
ahahah, it was posted pre village. I wish it was shared with us at village.
lol yeah, so #deep. but like, the guy who wrote that was the same guy who went to village with us haha.
agaga, and i liked ryan.  I am second guessing my judgment from when I was 11..
lol yeah same, I wonder about all the JCs really haha. like I wonder what the others thought of Freja.
didnt they all hate her?.
yeah that's the rumour. i forget who told me that though.
ahah, I remember that ryan told me it. I may have told u.
lol yup that sounds about right. I'm always the last one to know!. Lol have fun with ur ice bucket challenge.
Lol fuc that!.
So glad I haven't been nominated yet.
Yet.
Plz don't nominate me if you do it hahahaha.
Ull have 2 do it in the big apple.. How is nyc?.
Awesome so far, do u have snapchat, I'll snap u some pics.
Daniel.lutes. .
Lol I was gonna guess 666lutes.
Ahaha. That would have been a fair guess.. Have u met up with ur cisv friends yet?.
Yup we're at Moma rn haha. Split up at the moment thought. *though. Omg my roommate's British.
Ahagaha. What is she like???.
She's really nice, I like her so far. Idk if we'll be besties though haha.
Ahah. How is everything there?.
It's pretty good so far, my floor is good. But there's a few ppl that I'm not so keen on ahaha.
Ahahha. Whats wrong with them?.
Lol most of them are cool, there's just some bros u kno.
Ahaha. Your tellin me. There are tons of bros here!.
Lol yeah, also a lot of #whitegirlwasted girls. Luckily I don't seem to have either on my floor.
Ahahm did you have to fill out a form to see what floor you should be on?.
lol we had 2 personality questions 1. do you like sports? 2. do you like music? hahaha. i guess everyone on my floor likes music and not sports? haha.
Ahha. I thought you loved sports....
oh yeahhh I'm a closet basketball fan I forgot haha. https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xfa1/v/t1.0-9/10599635_696165460468191_2657764927029887616_n.jpg?oh=b4b90a76633fe39448d3423198553c94&oe=5495BC78&__gda__=1419863886_3d79dcb8e5bed045f26217a33106791f.
Ahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahaahha. What does the mailbox mean?.
that's the mystery I guess hahaha. I've seen Mary Ellen Nealis Photography a few times now.
The photography scene in freddy is strong. The one who took photos of monica serano is the most talented tho..
https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/550415_10151482659693065_786209448_n.jpg?oh=152e1f182dc140aacea82ac331d526ef&oe=5497C1ED. lol ya for sure, wish I got my grad photos from that guy.
Ahahaha. That photo of McAlister is too good. I need to make it my cover photo..
lolol if only you could.
Have u started clases yet?.
yeah I started on thursday. you?.
Yeah. I started tuesday. How are they so far?.
pretty good, stats is a joke. discrete math is hell. all the others are pretty decent, intro to theatre is super pretentious though haha.
Oh im in discrete math too!.
haha omg cool, how are you liking it?.
Its prob my hardest class. We are doing logic stuff. Like subsets logic rules and testing statments. What are u doing?.
yeah we're doing stuff like that too, Boolean fuctions and truth tables. it's definitely my hardest class too.
Ahah truth tables make it alot easier. I have had that class 4 times and three out of 4 of those classes the prof has worn the exact same shirt and shorts....
ahahahaha that's great, my prof has an earring and always wears his button ups with one button that should probably be done up haha. I don't really have a feel for the class yet, but I'm a bit worried cause it's also crosslisted as a computer science class so he'll be talking about codes as like an example and I'll have no idea what's going on haha.
Ahaha. Has he done that yet?.
yeah he'll he like "just like in java when..." and I'll be like "wat".
Was the course mandatory?.
no I'm actually just taking it as an elective haha. but I think I need a 2000 level science course. is your's mandatory?.
Is it consider a science class there?.
yeah pretty sure cause math is under the science faculty. but I think it's also considered a computer science course.
Oh wow. Its just a math class here..
yeah you guys might have math as a faculty idk. what are your other classes like?.
I have linear algebra, micro economics, stats in economics and foundations of programming.  Wbu?.
I have discrete math, intro to stats, methods in experimental psych, intro to cognitive psych and intro to theatre. what are the ones you have w/chris?.
The two econ ones. He is 2 dumb 4 the others. Ahah. How big is the intro to theatre class?.
haha nice, it's apparently like 110 ppl but it feels small. it's a required course for the theatre majors, but I have no idea what the percentage of them in the class is cause it also satisfies writing requirements for all majors.
https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/168681_10150407796675301_7456308_n.jpg?oh=233a2aefc9965006818e5e687fe93687&oe=54952E9F&__gda__=1418246515_0d6dc468b8a220be8330a07fa11b0213. I just found the best thing in the world!.
Ahhhhh omg. She talked about that relationship for way longer after it happened than she should have haha. this guy:. first person to comment is Alex Landine's mom.
Abhahhahahahahahahahahahagahahaha. Who is john jang.
He's like this classic from my grade, he was in me Mardi gras hahaha. He's super awkward. omg Richard's relationship status?!.
Shit. I assumed that you knew! Hahaha. Its been like that for 2 or 3 weeks!.
lol no way, I haven't talked to him in like months. Someone told me it was up like a couple weeks ago but he took it down or something haha.
Ahaha yeah. I feel extremely uneasy about that relationship....
lol yeah same, I feel like it can't end well. do you know how they finally ended up together?.
Ahaha. Basically he just asked haha.
ahaha didn't he already ask her? I wonder what changed.
Ahaha.  I guess its because they are apart... I have no clue. Honestly I think richard is under her control.... Also I think Tess is a lesbian. But thats just a theory..
haha, oh yeah he totally is, Woojong used to tell me about how she totally tool over his life. lol what makes you think that?.
Aahha. Any woman who doesn't want to sleep with richard has to be a lesbian.....
ahahahahha.
Ahah idk. I was listening to a podcast and this girl was talking about being a lesbian and not knowing she was and how she would get really close with guys and then kinda shut down. It just reminded me of that. Idk just a theory. Ahaha.
lol interesting. personally my theory is she's a sociopath.
Ahaha. She isnt mean enough!.
I'm not so sure, cause Glen Gong told her he liked her and she avoided giving him a straight answer, all while getting drives home from school with him everyday. but that's a bit of a stretch interpretation I'll admit.
Ahahah.  #Used. I fear 4 richard.. Shell dump him and he will literally go crazy.
yeah seriously, tbh I'm kinda glad I won't have to be there to pick up the pieces.
Ahaha. Do u know mr Wilson?.
lol yeah I've heard of him.
Interm from ur senior year.. Intern. For dunnny boy.
yeah I remember him, ppl have him on fb.
Dunfield. Ahahha yeahh.
lolol.
Look what he commented on their relationship status. So awk.
haahhaha yeah I saw it.
Ahahaha. So fucking funny.
tell me about it, he always comments awk shit like that. lol yes it's always hilarious too. I wonder if teachers always put kids in class together.
Ahaha.. Thats so weird. Then agian I ship teacher 24/7.
lol yeah for sure. Once I asked Mme Lasalle if teachers bitch about students together and she was like "yeah", but later kinda retracted it.
Ahaha. I was def resented by alot of teachers....
ahahaha did you troll a lot?.
Ahaha. I was generally speaking a shit for most of my time at fhs... ahah.
lol nice, yeah they probably got tired of your shit then.
Ahaha. Def. How are you liking discrete math?.
I've actually been finding it really interesting. we've kinda started this new section that seems "fun".
Yeah me to! Its hard but cool!. Did u start number theory?.
I think we're doing that soon.
What did u start?.
we just finished predicate pogic. *logic. yeah we're on to counting now.
Do u know how to prove (p XNOR q)=(p iff q). I have an assignment and cant get the awnser. Answer*.
haha one sec, can you snap me a pic of the question?.
Kk.
I'm almost thinking if I really like the course I might double major in it actually.
What would the major be?. . Question c.
psych and math. k lemme see what I can do haha.
Oh yea. That would be cool!.
yeah I kinda want to, but it's weird cause they sort of expect you to do honors in psych here and I don't think I would have time to do honors and another degree. . I'm just not sure what rules would allow for the rearrangement.
Yeah I got that.  but I have to name each steps rule. I think..
for rearranging it? yeah probably.
that helps. I didn't write the rhs like that but it makes more sense. Thx.. Hows the intro to theatre class going?.
yeah no probs, also try negating the left side and use the conditional equivalent and then its contrapositive and see if that get you anyhwere. *anywhere. theatre is good, I didn't realize how un-arts I was until I started the class haha.
Ahaha. "Un arts". Do you find it hard?.
not in class, but it's hard writing an essay for a text you have nothing to say on hahaha.
Ahahah. Is it a long essay?.
it's 750 words so not really, but I haven't written an essay in over a year so it's a struggle lol. plus all the essay I wrote in high school were bull shit anyways.
Ahaha. is it about a play?.
yeah its like this obscure canadian play that's basically about nothing.
Ahahah. Do you act it out in class or just read it ur self..
you just read it, and then there was a bit of discussion and the prof goes over some themes. so glad I don't have to act haha.
Ahah. I pictured the class taking place in a theatre..
nah it's just in a lecture room haha. it's still a pretty intimidating class though cause most of the people in it are theatre majors. so I feel out of place haha. Richard's song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsVyBHJrNQw.
ahahahhahahahah "Im dumb she a lesbian".
Ahaha yeah, or "let me know the truth" toooo accurate.
hahaha. .
Omg I.
will and T Camp.
Yes I just saw that!!!.
and Bernard lord.. hhaha its really funny.. I wonder how tommy camp found it.
Is it an article?.
yeah. from 2003.
Lolol wtf?. I bet that's like all he does with his day is find clever archived articles.
hhaha. I am still hoping to see himm.
Yes I've been waiting for an update!.
Ill track him down. So how was that frat party last night?.
Haha we left early but after me and my friend left some serious shit went down after.
what happened!?.
http://www.cbc.ca/m/news/canada/nova-scotia/deck-collapse-in-south-end-halifax-sends-6-to-hospital-1.2779841.
HOLy FUCK. Thats crazy.
I knowww right. And some of the ppl were from our res.
Oh shit. How are they.
This guy on my floor was there and he said there was blood everywhere.
AHHh.
They were ok, but one of the guys broke his femur and fractured his hip. He had surgery this morning. It's fucked up.
shit. That sucks. at least no one died i guess. the deck looked really high up.
Yeah I know, it was like 3 stories or something. One of the guys in know was on it but he was ok so I guess the injuries vary.
on the top deck?.
Yeah, I think he might have gotten back in the house before it was too late but I'm not sure, I'll have to ask him later haha.
thats fucked. I guess its good u left early.. How was the party while u were there?.
Yeah I guess, I almost wish I was there cause I was pretty sober though. Lol it was actually not that bad. A ton of ppl from my res were there so I just chilled with them. It was a pretty nice house. This Jewish guy from our res wants to pledge hahaha.
ahahah is it a jewish frat?.
Lol yeah that was the best part! They even drew a Star of David on our hand as a stamp hahahaha.
ahahha. Classic. Frats are weird. I know like 5 ppl in my res who are pledging... I have no idea why they are doing it.
Yeah that was my first experience with the frats and I have to say I'm not too impressed, have you been to a frat party yet?.
haha, no frats here are weird. its too expensive to buy a house in the city. So there are fraternities, but they dont have an actual building. its like a social club..
Haha that's so lame. Like why would you ever join that?.
hahaha I know. I think it is a bro thing. The res im in is super bro heavy....
haha really? are you like friends with them or are you in like an "alternative" group?.
ahah, yea the "alt" group. Some of the bros are pretty cool guys. But alot of ppl love clubbing and shit....
haha oh yeah everyone's legal there! are you into clubbing?? haha.
haha, I have gone a few times. It can be half way decent if im drunk enough. I wouldnt dare going sober. Its always just really funny to watch how people act in the club..
hahaha yeah, clubbing is only fun if you're drunk. what are your friends like?.
Alot of them I met from smoking weed. they are mostly in arts. and another group i met through frosh and they are all in science. I have a kinda shitty floor in terms of how many bros there are tho... haha wbu?.
haha do you like them? My friends are pretty chill, they're actually mostly from my floor. me and my roommate are pretty much bffs haha. I feel lucky cause my floor's really chill, like we have no bros. it's like half internationals hahaha.
Ahaha. My res is like bro res and my floor has like extra bros. But there are a couple cool ppl on my floor..
Haha that kinda sucks, how many ppl are on your floor?. how excluded do you feel from this? hahaha https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153189473643275&set=a.10150276521828275.403995.560833274&type=1&theater.
Ahaha. That bitch rachel ruining my life!.
ahahah did you even know he was there??.
. Whoops. Haha yeah I hung out with him and shit.  I didn't want to go with them that day cuz she was there... ahha.
Aw that sucks, do you ever see those guys around campus?.
Oh yeah, Like i still hang with josh and jack.. The Class NP. Prove the following problem is in NP.Subset Sum Problem: Given a set of n integers {x1, x2, . . . , xn}, is there asubset of these numbers that sum to exactly k?. Have you seen this problem in discrete math. I am stuck....
Hmm can u send me a pic of it?.
.
Sorry no idea, we haven't learned that stuff yet.
Its okay. I have been looking for an answer on the internet and cant find one..
nice, there's always a chance it'll be out there haha.
I searched for 2 hours and couldnt find anything. The class is really hard noww.....
Aw shit that sucks, mine kinda got easier haha. We just finished combinations and permutations.
What text are u using?.
We're using online texts. Ones called book of proof. And the other is like lectures or something. Book of proof is the main one. You?.
Discrete Mathematics:Elementary and Beyond. We also use book of proof too though..
Cool, so what are you guys learning rn?.
Modulation and Strange numbers. I cant tell if the stuff we are doing is hard, or if my prof just cant teach..
Haha does he just make it seem harder than it is or something?.
I think he might, the concepts are generally easy enough to follow, its just that the proofs are all really long and confusing...\.
That sucks, my prof is pretty easy to follow. So do you end up googling a lot of stuff then?.
yeah, i generally have to, I am worried for the midterm... how did your theater  paper turn out?.
Yeah I'm kinda freaking out cause my midterm is tmr hahaha. I got a B!. Which is pretty much what I expected lol.
Were u happy with a B?.
I am for the first essay cause then I can go up from there haha. Plus it was over a year since I had written anything so I'll aim higher next time. Hey do you need any Brazilian bills?.
Ahah I have brazil already.  Are u going to another frat party tonight?.
lol no way man, it's Yom Kippur, no jewish frats tonight. do you want money from Bermuda?.
Ahahahhaahahahha.  Are there alot of Jewish ppl there?. And also surprisingly have Bermuda.
nah not really, I've only met like 2 jewish ppl hahawow how did you get that??. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mjrt_f1cbx0&list=TL0PO6QzBCnIfghPVPJZhqRjIR6sXuvgKs. he makes his own radio show too.
AHAHHAHAHAH. Where did u find this?.
I forget I think someone recommended it to me. When you get some time you should listen to his radio show.
What is it like??.
It's just like him answering questions.
AHAhaha, Sounds weird.  have u been listening to this american life?.
Oh yeah, but I haven't listened to the serial podcast yet, have you?.
YEa. Serial is soooo goood!.
Yeah I knew it would be. I've just been waiting for the right time to start it, can you get on iTunes?. Lol mrs Christmas followed me on Instagram.
Ahahhahahaha. Whats her insta?.
Alexischristmas hahaha. She like got it today and already posted like 5 pics hahaha.
Ahahah. She is in mtl!. I should visit her!.
Haha you should use social media to find out where she is and just "run into" her.
Ahahha. I am considering it. Haha. On of the photos she posted was at a place where u have to walk past my res to get there. Ahah.
omg you should totally do it!. at least get a creepshot lolol. btw Serial is soooo good!.
YEA! I love it!!! Have you listened to all of them?.
Yeah all of them so far. I just want the next one to come out haha.
Ahaha, yeh. Ive listened to each episode twice, i cant get over how good they are..
Hahaha yeah I was going to, I just hope the ending is as good as the buildup is.
ahah, yeah. I mean i doubt they will solve it. But i mean maybe.... well they may solve it, but i doubt the guy will get out of jail... or maybe he did it....
Yeah I don't think he'll get out either. What's your theory so far?.
I think it was the guy who said Adnan did it in the first episode.
Yeah that's what I was gonna say.
Like why would he say adnan did it for no reason....
Yeah, it's weird that the police just never picked up on that. Like did they never think that he made it up?.
Ahahha. It hasnt really been brought up on the show..
Maybe they'll bring it up later. There's definitely more to say on that guy.
Yeah. It would ruin the series if they never brought it up again..
Yeah, especially since everyone is getting their theories together. What's the next episode about again?.
https://scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/v/t1.0-9/1560434_771275126245314_5076037652767191092_n.jpg?oh=bcc3693a36e23576c3323fa5408279ad&oe=54EFDFF0.
ahahaha yeah I saw that. good ol connie. Have you started proofs yet?.
yeah, we have been doing them all along. they suck!.
They're sooo hard, I don't think I've completed one without help yet haha.
ahah, yeah its like i see how the prof did it, but I would never  have thought of that my self.
Yeah, I have no idea how I'm gonna do the assignments, I bearly understand it when the prof does it and the notes don't really help.
what do you have to prove?.
Just like number theorems and stuff with gcd and lcm. Is that what you're doing?.
We just finished that, now we are doing combinatricks.
What's that like?.
combinatorics**.
Haha.
Weird so far.. but doesnt seem soo bad.. all the number theory stuff is easy without proofs i find. but the proofs are stupidly harrd....
Yeah I agree. And my prof like only taught it with respect to proofs so I still don't really get it. I feel like I'm supposed to already know stuff that I don't jaha.
ahaha yeah. If your class is anything like mine 90% of the ppl are comp sci 3rd years, and alot of the topics are review from previous courses..
Yeah pretty much hahaha. So why are you taking it in first yeah then?. *year.
Agaga I basically didnt know any better..
Lolol nice, do you even have the prerequisites?.
for the class or ingeneral?.
For the class.
No, but Linear Algebra is a co-req. did you have any?.
Yeah I think we needed first year calc? Maybe I'm wrong though cause it doesn't really make any sense. I have to take linear algebra at some point though too.
ahah, its pretty rough, it is just really boring.. Discrete math is way more interesting.
Damn, it's always either hard or boring hahaha. Do you have to take calc at all?.
Yeah, I have to take three calcs. Im doing those along with a couple other math classes over the next 4 semesters... Do you still want to minor in math?.
Yeah I did, but lately I'm having second thoughts hahaha. But I only need to take like 4 more classes to get it. Wondering if it's worth it.
What are the other classes you would have to take?.
Linear algebra, intermediate calc 1, differential equations and another class of my choice. The basics pretty much.
Do you know what you are going to pick?.
Not yet, but if u don't get into some psych classes I've wait listed for then I'll take problems in geometry cause it's literally the only course that fits in my schedule that goes towards my degree haha. I don't really want to take it though cause the course description sounds lame haha.
aahaha.
There's a game theory class that looks cool. But it would be soooo hard I bet.
Yeah game theory looks really fun!. but really hard.. I want to do it 4th year.
Yeah I've always been interested in it but I don't know if I could actually do problems on it.
Hahah. Yeah. I mean maybe its one of those things that sound hard but is easy.. But its probably just hard..
Lol yeah, I mean wasn't it only discovered in like the 60s or something?.
Yeah, there is a movie called "A Beautiful Mind" staring Russel Crow about John Nash the guy who discovered it..
Yeah that's what I was going off hahahaha.
haah have u seen it?.
Lol yeah, it wasn't bad actually. At least from what I remember of it.
ahahah, yeah im guessing they got the schizophrenia thing wrong but it was a pretty good story..
Yeah I think he had it but I doubt it was that dramatic haha.
ahah i mean like the symptoms he had were not like what people with schizophrenia go through. At least i dont think. Is Schizophrenia when u hear things?. or see things?.
It's like when you have hallucinations, and it usually comes with some paranoia. You can hear or see things, and I guess smell things hahaha. #firstyearpsych.
Smell things. wow.. thats so strange.
Pretty sure, might be bs. One sec I'll google it. Yup apparently it's possible. Rare though I bet.
WOw, Are  you finding Dal any harder then UNB?.
not really, it like balances out. like the classes are easier cause I like them more, but it's also harder cause it's second year. are your classes hard?.
I dont really have anythng to compare it to. This semester im in 2 first year classes and 3 upper year classes. they are all kinda hard..
wow did you have a guideline for how to pick your classes? I'm surprised you're in so many upper year classes.
Honestly I think there is a bug in the system. because im in art sci the computer let me pick what  want, but first year students in arts cant take the econs im in..
Hahaha just flying under the radar. Just make sure you get all the degree requirements and you should be fine.
ahaha, i dont think ill get a degrreee either way....
Lol what do you mean?.
haha i was jking, i am def getting a degree.
Lolol yeah, are you gonna be able to get a double major in 4 years?.
Yeah. Its do able. But all my classes have to be towards a major..
Do you mind or did you want to take electives!. *?.
Its not bad so far, but there are some cool classes I am prob missing out on..
yeah I'm glad I have an arts requirements so I can take some cool stuff.
YEa, Hows the theater class going/.
haha it's not too bad, I just hate all the essay writing. so glad I didn't go into arts tbh.
Yeah, I am trying my best to stay on the maths side of econ. Essay grading is kinda BS..
do you have to write a lot of essays?.
I havent had to yet. I hope it keeps that way. Although writing essays can be  fun..
haha sooo much fun. what are your econ classes like, are they interesting?.
One is econ stats so its basically  a math class. The other has great material but the prof is really bad. My brother says she is the worst prof hes ever had....
Haha what makes him so bad?. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5OfveMAk64.
Ahahhahahaha. That must have taken so long to edit!.
lolol yeah, I love that they're like in the Canadian Tire parking lot for half of it. omg this too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VipN604d62s.
Hahaha That movie was soo fucking weird..
yeah I know, it's like a whole other side of Fredericton. so many Charles Leblanc clips haha.
I wonder how much Charles Leblanc's media empire is worth....
haha, wasn't he like homeless at one point??.
Ahaha. Yeah I think he was. He seems pretty off the wall..
Lol yeah, Max's mom is friends with him actually haha.
Speaking of max did u see their 48 hour film.
No not yet, is it up on YouTube?.
http://vimeo.com/110073587.
I'll watch it once I get off mobile, I've been wanting to see it so bad haha. Did you like it?.
haha, it was pretty good.. IDK good for 48.
Haha you would know I guess. Have you seen any of the other ones?.
I saw jacks lil bro's.. it was bad. like cringe. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq2h_DwXx9E.
omg peter's was so cringe hahahaah.
ahahah I know... the production quality was pre good.. have u ever considered making a short?.
Haha yeah i really want to some time, but I've never even able to think of a good story. I actually made one in middle school haha. Have you been listening to serial lately?.
YEah! have u?.
haha yeah of corse, do you have any theories yet?.
I still think Jay. WBu?.
Idk, today I started thinking that maybe adnan actually did it. But jay would be my next guess.
eyah. last episode made me think it was Adnan.
Yeah, like they said, if he didn't do it then who did? Like I can't really think of anyone else. Unless there's something we don't know.
Yeah. it just doesnt make sense why Jay lied about all that shit.
Yeah that's  the biggest argument for me. Like he has no modivation to say anything unless he was actually involved.
yeah, but even then why would he say he helped..
Yeah like, no one would lie about that.
Maybe he did it and thought if he said he just helped he would be better off.
Yeah this is true.
ahah maybe jay is just crazy. he lied. ahah. have u been following the FHS thing. Dress code.
Haha yeah. Well kinda, I've just been reading the fb stuff. And I read the petition thing. What did you think?.
I agree with what they are saying but i dislike how they are going about it. Wbu?.
Yeah same pretty much. I agree with what they are saying, but I thought what they wrote was a bit sassy and not professional enough in some parts.
haha that video made me cringe.
They are being too radical for ppl in New Brunswick to take them seriously. I haven't seen the video left. *yet. What's it like?.
Its hard to describe the emotion they are trying to get across... but it wasnt super well done....
Yeah it feels like they just want to be radical more than they actually want to make a change.
ahaha yeah def.. Its also kinda strange how many ppl are opposing it..
Yeah Sam Peterson posted like a thing against it and like so many people agreed with it.
What she say?.
She shared something that someone else said. One sec. . .
She is such a bad writer.... I really just dislike both sides of this whole thing.
Yeah I know haha. You can't really win. Cause if they get rid of the dress code ppl are gonna troll so hard. But also I feel like most people don't really care one way or the other.
Ahaha yeah, ppl are just indifferent.When u heading back to fredericton?.
like the 13th or something, u?.
17 or 18th. I am pretty excited to go back..
Yeah I bet, I'm kinda glad I chose to go to Halifax cause at least I can go home on long weekends. I've already been back like twice.
https://scontent-b-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10353171_10155006855250473_262243736166434960_n.jpg?oh=5a89c92a817c1f4bb6d7aef0964f1656&oe=550C14B7.
ahahahhaa is that that guy from NBM?. .
Oh no. Not white  guy dreads. Those look horrible!!.
Lol I know right? They never look good. Like whyyy.
I think that family is suppper religious!. But they were really nice  while we were there!.
I don't have any memory of them being religious at all do you?. All I remember is They were super awesome.
No. It was only afterwards. Nice pp btw..
lol thx did you see Max's?.
Yeah and Sams  right?.
Lol yeah I was so pissed hahaha.
Ahahahahah. So have u moved  in ur new house yet?.
Lol yeah, it's pretty nice actually. But all my stuff is in boxes. How's Pegi and bob? Haha.
Ahaha good i guess, but It felt a little weird being home at first.
Yeah I bet, is it your first time back home?.
Yea it is..
Have you seen many ppl yet?.
Yeah i have hung out with most of my friends already  wbu?.
Yeah same, just a couple people I need to see. I went to the capital on Sunday and so many ppl were there. Mrs McAllister was there and it was so weirddddd.
Ahahhahah. Did she go to meet up with  you and ur friends??.
Lol nah her son was there I think she went with him.
Oh haha. Did u chat her??.
Lol no I was too embarrassed hahaha.
Dont blame u haha.
I wasn't even like drunk but I was still like ahhhh teacher in a bar. Mr breen was there too.
Ahaha, old breen. Is the capital ur fave bar in freddy?.
Lol well considering it's the only bar I've been to in Freddy id say ya. But it's pretty cool, you just see like a lot of old hipsters.
Ahahah. Ew. Old hipsters are so sad. They seem like dead beats...
Haha yeah I know, it's kinda like hipsters of all ages lol. Like there's a lot of ppl like Alex matsons age that go. Or at we're there the other night. Do you go to bars a lot in mtl?.
Ive been to a couple cool ones, but ppl seem more interested  in clubbing than going to bars. Ahaha.
Lol yeah same, so do you go to clubs a lot then?.
Aghaha, no not really..
Lol yeah me neither, but mostly cause everyone's 18 haha. Do ppl just drink in res for you then?.
Well there are alot of rez parties where everyone stays in so i guess. There is just a group of ppl who go clubbing  non stop, and i dont get it. Ahha.
Haha that's so lame, that's like the group of ppl that always go to frat parties here, like why?. And they're always wanting me to go and don't understand why I don't want to.
Agaha. Are frat parties like the thing to do at Dal?.
haha not really sure, I just think all the first years go cause they can't go out lol. plus like we're closer to the frat parties in our res compared to the other reses. are there house parties in Montreal?.
Yeah. Ive been to a couple  of appartment parties. But they  are always weird..
Haha yeah I bet, do you like always know the person hosting?. . best Xmas pic from my newsfeed so far.
. I found a plaid one 2! Haha.
ahahah that pic looks like it's from the 80s.
Ahahah. There are so many ridiculous  photos....
Lol I know it's hard to keep up with them. Did I show you the anneke latouche Halloween one?.
Nope!.
Haha ok one sec let me find it. . He was Walter white. And she was blue crystal meth. Died laughing when I saw it.
Ahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahhaha. Is that her bf or dad?.
Lol not 100% but I'm pretty sure it's her bf.
Ajhhh he looks 35..
Lol yeah she has the greasiest bfs. Ever since justin lee hahaha.
Ahahah. She is weird. My brother says she smells likr pee..
Ahahahahaha wtf that's messed up. Lol Ella just confirmed, apparently her whole house smells like that Ahahaha.
Ahahhahahaha weird! Whats her deal?.
She's like aggressively normal. And loves Winnie the Pooh. Other than that idk hahaha. She was always really nice to me but from Facebook she feels off haha. https://www.facebook.com/HumansofFrederictonhighschool this is pure gold. damn just found out it's fake, idk if that makes it better or worse.
Ahahah. I stumbled on that recently. Still ridiculous!.
Lol yeah I don't really know how I feel about it. I guess it's better than it being a real thing hahaha.
Ahahah. I remember a couple of them were pre funny..
lol yeah, it's kinda funny to see like what's up at fhs with all the younger kids haha. guess who https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10906345_10202391861196525_4480235362880066663_n.jpg?oh=82c7e47f91e3e06346945c31870fd3cd&oe=55377B7C.
Ahahaha who is that?.
Jeff probert Lolololol.
Ahahhahahahhahaha! Did he post it on fb?.
Yeah it's his new prof pic!!.
Ahahha. How was ur time back in freddy?.
It was ok, nice seeing ppl but my dad's been sick so that kinda sucked. You?.
Oh, sorry. Mine was good. It seemed short. Weird being back and living w/ parents again..
Yeah I felt the same way haha, what was it like seeing your friends again?.
Its was good. Everyone was still  normal. So that was good. But it was weird  seeing ppl who didnt leave  freddy.  Thinking like they have been there the whole time. Wbu?.
It was good, I've been back already so I've pretty much seen everyone. But I was with Will on nye and it was awk haha.
Ahaha why?.
We were hanging out at charlottes house and I guess he was drunk cause he like touched my leg on the couch and kept trying to sit closer and it was sooo awk hahaha. I just like got up and sat somewhere else lol.
Ahahhahaha. Ouf. Thats creepy! Has he adressed it yet?.
Me messaged me a couple days ago, but I didn't make conversation haha. His message was like friendly but I'm still creeped out lol.
ahaha, When i hear shit like that I am soo happy i am not a girl..
Lol yeah I felt show shitty, like is that all you care about? Haha. What made it worse was like he was flirting kiana right before then after she left he like turned to me.
ahahaha, on to the next one. Was Kiana also not having it?.
Lol she was like weirdly into it I think. Which is weird considering I'm pretty sure she's seeing someone haha.
ahahahha, who??.
Some guy named yassan. He goes to unb. I think there's a pic of him on her insta.
Oh yea. Well thats weird. It has always seemed like kiana and will were into each other. Which beats me haha.
Haha yeah I don't get it. They were like cuddling and stuff.
that reallly weird. What kind of party was this? That must have seemed really out of the ordinary..
Haha it wasn't really a party, we were at the capital and just went back to charlottes to chill and sleep. There was only like Charlotte, luke, Catherine Craig, Kaiden, me, and kiana and will. You definitely have to go to the capital when you turn 19 haha. It's so weird.
hahah what is it like?.
It's like all the washed up hipsters in fredericton converging in one place hahaha. I saw like so many older hipsters from high school.
ahhaha, that sounds so weird. Is it in the tannery?.
Is that the place next to jacks pizza?.
yeah like where dolans and klub khrome is haha..
Yeah that's where it is haha. Has your brother gone?.
yeah acouple times. he says its weird!.
Lol yeah it totally is. Especially going with Ella. There's like all tees creepy old dudes trying to get with her.
Ahaha, Does she have a fake?.
Lol yup, she's on her second one. She's already been kicked out of the capital.
ahaha, Has she chilled out at all?.
I think she's actually been better lately, like since the summer anyways. She finished school and she doesn't hang out with the younger hipsters that much anymore so she's doesn't drink as much. She's still a pain to go out with though haha.
because she drinks so much?.
Yeah and she's like reckless so you always have to be watching her.
like a kid. weird.
Yeah exactly haha. It is kinda.
hahaha, is she doing anytthing this year?.
Nah I don't think so. She's all like "I wanna get far away from fredericton" but she's so unrealistic about it. She's doesn't have a firm grasp on how the world works. She thinks she can do whatever she wants without working hard.
ahaha, I remeber last year she said she was going to go to makeup school in the uk.
Yeah I'm not sure if that was ever true cause I don't think her family could afford it. Like she put it on Instagram but I think it was kind of a lie.
Ahaha. I looked  up the school  when she posted the photo cuz she had blured the tuition. It was ridiculously  expensive.
Lolol yeah I did the same thing. How's your semester going?.
Its good. I really like my new classes. Wbu?.
Nice, I think I'm gonna like it a lot more than last semester. What classes are you taking?.
Microecon theory  and econ stats were full year so im still in those. Then i have calc, computer systems,  and software  systems. What about u?.
cool, I have developmental psych, social psych, neuroscience, theatre and stat. it's more reading than last term but I think it'll be easier overall.
Nice. What is the title of your theater class?.
it's just Intro to Theatre. it's a continuation of last semester. Lol Richard just messaged me out of the blue.
Ahah. Yeah he was drunk  last  night. He is in montreal  w/ and me and him were with ella last night..
Hahaha, yeah Ella said she might see you, how was it?.
I was really surprised  to see her. Hahah.
Haha yeah she's staying there for a while so you might end up seeing we again. *her.
Ahah yeah. Is she just up here hang  out?.
Yeah she had her GED now so I think she's like just doing stuff to take up time haha. What was she like when you saw her?.
Idk. We went to some shitty club and then got chow mien ahahah. She was pretty tame. Not super fucked up or anything. So all and all it was  a pretty normal time..
Haha nice, that's good to know she didn't get too crazy. It's probably cause you guys don't know her well enough to take care of her.
Ahahagagagga. So did u message richard back?.
Lol how's Richard?.
Still richard! Hahah he was pree drunk ln..
Lol yeah idk if I should reply to him.
Ahahha. Yeah. He told me he messaged u last night. It wasnt really clear why. He prob misses u..
Lol yeah maybe, I still feel pretty bad about how we left things cause I said some pretty harsh stuff haha. But at the same time I feel like he hasn't changed so I don't really want to start things up again lol.
Ahaha. All stuff he prob needed to hear..
Yeah that's why I said it lol.
And yeah. Idk . I do think university  has changed  his out look on life a bit..
Ok that's good to hear, I'll probs respond but not really start up a conversation. It's just so out of the blue haha.
Yeah. Kinda hard to respond  to. Ahha.
Lol yeah like where do I even start? Hahaha.
Yeah. Really ahahah.
Do you play quiz up?.
Naw. But i do play  trivia crack!.
lol kk, imma challenge you sometime haha. you should get Quizup though it's good.
Ahaha. I had it 4 a bit. Its sooo specific.
lol yeah, it's funny doing the ones you know, but for the other ones it's just guesswork. lol relevant https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t-iFr9q1I8.
haahahahahah.
One of my fav internet vids tbh.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10205163496742928&set=ms.c.eJxVy8kNwDAMA8GOAok6KPbfWJxPbP8WA6wbrLwjJVqY4fFfmglhDlkFTm2Z1qAntzBrEDwlPkltaS3BJVhi51V0cwVfNXsgSg~-~-.bps.t.100002453313192&type=1&theater.
ahahahah classic connie. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=415463705270686&set=a.115656091918117.22843.100004211791846&type=1&theater. https://vimeo.com/112244456.
Lolol.
what did you think of the ending?.
The blackness?.
Nah like the end of the actual Serial hahaha.
Oh. I thought  it was okay. I wish that it was a little more yes or no. But all and all i liked it. What about u?.
Yeah I think they kinda had to end it that way, but it definitely felt inconclusive. I liked it though and I'm glad there's gonna be a season 2. Did you hear they're gonna appeal his case?.
yeah<. I woonder what season 2 will be about..
Yeah, I bet it'll be another cold case, but maybe they'll try to find a case that'll be more conclusive haha.
ive heard it snt gonna b about murder.
oh really? I guess it makes sense to switch it up, when is it gonna start?.
Idk when it starts, i think later this year. Also had my first tommy  camp sighting today!.
Omg!! What was it like? Did he see you?. Omg guess who got elected stu student union president.
Oh no. :(.
I pity the ppl of stu. . What is this world coming to?.
Ahahahahaha. I fear for all students  in Fredericton. Two best  politicians  i know..
ahahah, Travis is gonna be mayor in 20 years I'm calling it.
Ahah. He kinda already looks like woodside..
Ahaha so true. https://www.facebook.com/cisvinternational/photos/a.498851317932.271313.308808252932/10152931538852933/?type=1&theater. thoughts?.
I say that shit today. It seems like a dumb idea to me! Apperently  it is the logo only for social  media. Which makes literally no sense. What do u think?.
I think it's dumb. like the whole reason they made a new logo was for like solidarity puposes, now it's just gonna look like there's 2 different logos.
Yeah. Im pretty sure that any business  student would tell u that having  two logos is ridiculous. Dave has been telling me about  the happening  of CISV Fredericton. Apperently  Justice has dropped out as LJR so hes all by his lonesome..
haha, wow poor davo, how's the chapter doing?.
According to dave things are going well. Apperently the new Jr LJR is gonna be either Georgia or Ben. lol.
lolol, I hope it's Georgia. and I hope there's some younger kid as sassy as she was to sass her hahahah.
ahahahahaah yeah. Looking back on CISV the whole experience seems really weird and kinda surreal..
yeah I totally agree, looking I kinda feel like we were too young to take on so much. but then I remember how we didn't want the adults interfering hahaha.
ahah Yeah. dave was telling me about the adult board intervening with mini camp planning. Seems like adult intervention is a never ending cycle..
haha yeah I bet, there's like nothing you can do. like you'll always not want their help and they'll always think you need help.
ahah yeah. So how do u like your new house?.
yeah it's alright, there's less room but it's more cozy I guess haha. I'm supposed to have my room in the basement so that'll be interesting. not really sure how it'll go cause it kinda smells weird in the basement hahaha.
ahaahahha. Do u have any noteworthy neighbors?.
nah, well I mean except my grandfather lol. oh wait do you know who Matthew Mukerjee is?.
Oh fuck. the rapper.
lol yeah, he lives across the street hahaha. oh and I think Sebastian Edward's grandparents live down the street too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xHzbktXy5Q. Tripple M. hahah Thats a strange group.
ahhh omg. that vid.
Thats classic FHS. Some horrible familiar faces..
ahaha I'm having flashbacks. it's kinda weird to see that crew in their natural habitat like that lol. omg it makes fhs look so greasy hahaha.
Luke Beirne In that vid in a puma jumpsuit.
lolol ya I just sent the vid to Charlotte. lol this comment "Johnny Nassif's pedo stare in the background LOL".
. lol. FckTit says it best.
ahahha I bet that was triple M himself. omg did you hear the part where they're like "someone get him a beer!".
aahah, yeah there is a guy drinking a beer in the vid.
lol good ol nb. have you found a place to live for next year in mtl?.
Still looking. Its such hassle to find a place. Not too worried tho. Have u found a spot..
yeah I feel the hassel, me and my friend are gonna sign a lease next week but our third roommate backed out so we have to find another person. are you gonna live alone?.
Naw. Me Jliu, and a guy from toront are all living together. So that should be interesting. What happened to ur third?.
lol yeah that will be. Her dad didn't want her to live in the place cause we have to pay rent over the summer...but like all houses in Halifax have 1 year leases so it's really dumb. it just sucks cause like there's nothing she can do and we all want her to live there.
Thats really weird. Like thats just how rent works. Is it an apartment or a house?.
it's like a house but we have a unit in the house. I'm pretty pumped cause there's a 6 guy house of all our friends that are gonna live across the street haha.
Thats cool! Did u ever consider living with lucy?.
lol last semester I was like "I don't really want to live with her I hope she doesn't ask" then she was like "omg ur gonna be here next year maybe we can live together!". then like 2 seconds later she was like "wait that's a bad idea". like we're bffs but too much of a good thing exists haha. I was so glad we were on the same page.
ahah yeah. Makes sense, idk how living with Jliu will be. Im not a neat and tidy person, but, josh's dorm has multiple forms of mold growing in it..
ahaha, hopefully he leaves the mess in his room. what's the other guy like?.
Other dude is a business student, he's a good dude. Hes also really smart. What is ur roomie like?.
she's pretty much my best friend in res, besides my roommate. I hope she'll be good to live with.
ahahah. Is there a reason u didnt live with ur roommate?.
She's on exchange so she's only here for this year :'(.
Oh weird. Where does she usually  go?.
She goes to university of Glasgow. But she's from England.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=891996174191652&set=ms.c.eJyzsDS0tDQzMDExtDQ0MzPVswDzDc3BfFMjAGdDBms~-.bps.t.1826702333&type=1&theater. Okay Neville!?.
Omg what the hell happened?? Haha.
HAHA looks like his dad.
Omg yeah he does!!. All he needs is a pony tail. .
they are dating now. lol. what is she like?.
Watttt. She's crazy lol.
oh no..
Ahaha.
like how?.
Idk she's just kinda weird. It's hard to describe. I was friends with her in middle school haha. She's always cared a lot about being popular and having a boyfriend and she's really dramatic.
ahahah. I hope it works out lol. U workin?.
Just got home 󾮗. Saw Chris today though. We were both wearing khakis.
ahaha, he owns like 2 pairs of khakis and that is like all he wears when he works..
Lol same, but at least I have skirts to break it up haha. So I heard a rumour that Richard is moving back to fredericton to be with Tess???.
oh shit. thought u knew. Yea, aslo he didnt like business. but yea. ahahah.
Wow I'm pretty surprised since he seemed so certain about business, what's he gonna do at unb.
Major in Math he says.
Lol nice. I wonder how long him and Tess will last.
ahaha. yeah idk. Seems like things are going pretty good with them. But yea..
Yeah they seem good, but I just don't trust her haha.
. Ahahaha. She seems fed up with him alot of the time..
Lol really? Why?.
Cuz she has to deal with richard. Ahahah. He would be tough to date..
Lolol yeah this is true, do you guys still talk?.
Oh yeah. We hang out alot..
Aw cool, has he changed much?.
Less ego now ahhaha.
Lol that's good to hear. I ran into him at Chinese New Year and it was kinda awk haha.
Yeah. What did u say?.
Oh like I was just going to sit down for the show and passed him and Tess and he was like "hey mia" and I was like "hey!! How are you?". Then we sat down and I left as soon as the thing ended haha.
Haha. Yea. He came back to Fredericton alot this summer. *school year.
Yeah I guess that would make sense since he has a gf here. I can see why he wouldn't like his program, I bet it's rly competitive. . Rad dad.
Hahahahaha. Hes a total frat boy now!.
I still don't really get how someone who did cisv ended up being a republican haha.
Happy birthday!!!.
thanks Dan! I heard u were at computer science camp?.
Yea. Im living in moncton. And working as an instructor at the camp lol.
Lol nice, how is it?. Are you like living in the camp or do u have ur own place?.
Its decent. It really depends on the group of kids. Some kids are really funny and good to deal with, but others are total dicks.  Ahah. Im living with family out here.. Most of my aunts live back in freddy. I mean moncton. Not fredericton.
Haha are they strict?.
Ahhaha. My boss or my aunt.
Ur aunt haha.
Hahha not at all. She is really chill and gives me tons of ice cream.  How is the DOE treating u?.
Ahaha ice cream no way!!! It's kinda boring, just finished a huge photocopying job today. They got me cake for my birthday today, Chris had a slice lol. So yeah boring af, all I do is listen to this American life while doing remedial tasks.
Ahaha. Are u listening to old episodes?.
Yeah, I'm actually getting worried that I'm gonna run out of the ones that look interesting soon.
I started listening ep 1 and im trying to listen to all of them a second  time. I listened to them all when i was in 10th grade..
Omg that must have taken forever! I should probably start going through them systematically like that, right now I'm just picking a year at random and choosing an interesting one. What ep are you in right now?.
47 i think. I have a long way to go. Lol. Some of the old ones are kinda bad lol. When u moving back up to dal?.
Yeah I think so too hahaI have to be back by August 31st for job training. I'm working front desk at my old residence haha.
Ahahah. What does front desk do at a res??.
Not sure yet, from what I've seen mostly watch Netflix and give ppl their keys back haha. But I'm kinda worried cause you need to pay attention to security and some homeless guys walked in last winter.
Ahahha. That sounds pretty dope!. Except for the security part. Have u moved into ur house yet?.
I'm actually going this weekend to move my furniture in!. Basically I just raided my grandfathers house and it had everything. You totally have to visit it sometime it's filled with awesome stuff.
I think ive seen some snapchat stories or insta posts from inside. It looks like its eternally in the 70's. What stuff are u taking up?.
Yeah pretty much haha. Mostly furniture and dishes. It's pretty sweet that we won't have to look for anything in Hali. Do you know what you're doing for your apt in Montreal?.
Yea the previous tenets left us a bunch of stuff. All i needed to buy was a bed and dresser..
That's awesome! Do you think you're gonna get along with ur roommates?.
Ahahha. The apartment is def gonna be a fucking mess. But other than that its gonna be pretty chill. What about you?.
Well one of my roommates is like my bff so I think it'll be fine, but we don't actually have a third roommate and we need one!. I'm meeting up with this girl this weekend and hopefully that works out. Looking at her profile she seems a bit social justice-y but I'm hoping that won't affect my life too much lol.
Hahah. Send me a link  to her profile. I wanna judge.
This is her: https://www.facebook.com/Tess.Delia?fref=ts. tell me what you think, can you see her posts?.
I can only really see her cover photos and prof pics. Seems reasonable enough though. Ahah. Is she at dal?.
she just graduated from Acadia. she did poli sci and minored in art.
Oh weird. So what is she doing nxt year?.
she's like doing research at dal. I'm a bit rattled cause she shares like a ton of social justice posts like everyday. I hope she's not that intense in real life!.
Ahhaha. So ur meeting her this weekend?.
Yup, hopefully it works out, we kinda cut off communication with everyone else. I just hope she's easy going like she said in the ad haha. there's this group of guys that are our friends living across the street from us and if she's aggressively political then I don't imagine they will get along, which would be stressful.
Ahahah. Are the guys not pc or somethinf?.
lol yeah they're not, all but one are in engineering and they tend to be kinda conservative. so we don't really talk about politics aha. like, they're good friends, but I avoid sensitive subjects cause it would just be awkward starting a fight.
Hmm like what?.
well one of them likes stephen harper.... and they're really not good with feminism and cultural stuff. I think they just don't get it, they don't seem to be well educated on it.
Ahahaha. Thats funny. Seems like a lot of science/engineering guys are like that. Like almost completely clueless when it comes to stuff like that..
yeah that's what it seems like anyways, it was kind of shocking to me at first, like I couldn't believe that there were young ppl who liked harper. so now I just assume that they are not educated enough to understand and are naive and just leave it at that.
Ahahha. Yeah. When ever i meet a young person who likes harper im just confused. Anyway imma hit the hay. Big day tmr.. Let me know how this weekend goes. Im curious to hear!.
lol ya same, I will totally! It should be interesting anyways. Lol divorced.dad 666.
Ahaha. I needed a sweet new instaname. Hha. How Halifax last weekend?.
Good! The girl was rly nice but she just emailed me today to say that she's gonna live with her parents this year instead :/. So back to square one.
Ou. Thats shitty! Other than that what did u get up to when u were there?.
Not much actually, just chilled with my friends that were there. They're kind of a mess lol.
Their place was a mess or they were\. ??.
They are lol. Like they wake up at 3 pm and go super hard every weekend. At least 2/3 have jobs now but there was a point when they were all unemployed. Basically they're broke ahaha.
ahahahha,  Why didnt  they move homee?.
Idk I think they thought it would be a more productive summer. One of them actually was home for a while and decided to come. And one guys family moved to Victoria so he doesn't know anyone there. How has comp sci camp been going?.
haha, actually really well. Its a surprisingly rewarding job. Tomorrow is my last day in moncton then im back to fred.
That's awesome, what kind if stuff do you do there? Wow back so soon lol.
Just like teaching kids how to program. yea its 4 weeks here then 2 weeks in fred.
Oh so there's a camp here too? Or are you just chillin here?.
yea there is camp there too.. I dont go back up to mtl till sept. when u going back to dal?.
Idk it's kinda tbd. I just have to be there for the 31st. So I imagine I'll go close to then, we're driving so it doesn't really matter. You excited for next year?.
Yea i am reallly pumped. I cant wait to go back. It will be sweet to living in a apartment..
Yeah I feel the same way! I'm a little worried about having roommates but I think it'll be chill.
Ye. Me too a bit. Both of mine are really messy so my place will turn into a shithole after prob 1 month..
Lol that sucks, that would drive me crazy! Like I don't mind if it's in ur own room but I can't handle a nasty kitchen.
Ye. Nasty kitchens are horrible. I care about is keeping that clean. Otherwise idc..
Lol hopefully that works out. Well I gotta sleep but ttyl ~.
Okay, night!.
.
Ahahhahahahahahhahahahahahah.
I don't even know. Never would I ever have predicted.
I wonder how long it will last..
Who knows, I think she's gonna get pregnant soon tbh lol.
Ahahha. Bold prediction haha. Have u found a new roomie yet?.
Yessss we did!! Her name is Larrissa Rawn if u wanna creep lol. It was kinda bitter sweet cause we had to say no to this rly nice Spanish exchange student.
Why did u have to say no. Cuz she wasnt gonna be here long enough?.
Yeah she's only staying for a semester. We skyped and she was like super nice and were probs gonna hang out in Halifax anyways haha.
Haha. So what is Larrissa like?.
She's like rly intense.
Ahahahha.
She's doing a double major and says she wants to either go to pharmacy or medical school. And she's like really into sports apparently. I'd rather have her than some person that just stays around the apartment and does nothing.
Yea. That makes sense.. Im curious to hear how it turns out..
Yeah same haha, I feel like she's gonna be intimidating.
I creeped her. She seems to have wild eyes.
Lol yeah I know right?? Hopefully it's just a bad first impression. I think she's gonna end up just being basic.
Ahahaha. Basic is better than bitch i guess ahah.
Yeah that's what I'm thinking hahaha. The other thing that's gonna be weird about the house is my other roommate is now dating out friend. *our. So there's a chance he's gonna basically live with us too :S.
Ahahha. That could end poorly if they break up....
Yeah I'm just not gonna think about it ahaha. They're like superrrr into each other rn so hopefully it lasts. Apparently the guys at his house are already annoyed.
Ahahah. Thats a good start.
Apparently he skyped her everyday for hours and it makes their wifi shitty ahaha.
Ahhaa. The best way to make a dude mad is to mess with the wifi. Lol.
Ahahahhaa ain't that the truth!. Hey do you wanna take a first aid corse next weekend? I need to do it for work and I'm trying to find someone to do it with so it's not as boring haha.
Im going to shediac nxt weekend. srry. But enjoy the course! hahaha.
Aw too bad, thanks though haha. omg have u seen this? https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/that-american-life/id660963127?mt=2.
Ahaha no! Is it good?.
haven't listened to it yet but I want too, I don't think they've been making new episodes though :/.
Agaha, its so many episodes to spoof!. . Does the guy on the left look like max kerr to u.
lol like a bit. I see a resemblance haha. do u follow him?. . .
Haha naw, i dont follow him, i never really liked the guy tbh..
Lol ya I remember hahaha. I have so many ppl from national stuff on fb it's so overwhelming. But I feel like I can't delete anyone hahahaha.
Ye so true. I like most of them.But at the same time i rlly dont care about most of their posts. Do you have Taylor Bond on fb?.
Ya I feel the same way, ya I do.
Do u ever read his posts, where he is like "today im thankful for..."?.
Ya they always come up on my feed! Less so lately though, what do you think of them??.
Hahah, i actually like them, i guess. I just like to think of the circumstances that lead to him being thankful about those specific things in that day, they are always like "Today i am thankful for social justice, bagged milk, and family".
Lol yeah I like them too! I do the same thing, like think of what he did that day, I like that there's a bit of mystery to them haha.
Ahaha, good to hear im not alone in that! Hows school goin?.
Decent, pretty much all my classes are relatively easy this term which is good. Omg and Aaron Alexander stairs is in my intro to architecture class!!!!!. I was like "hey that guy looks like Aaron....omg it is Aaron!!!!".
Shit! Thats nuts! My brother said the last that he had heard from aaron was that he had dropped out of mta for the second time and was smoking copious amounts of weed. So its good to hear he is back in school. Lol.
Hahaha yeah I heard the same, he said that he wasnt really in school the last 2 years. I remember he tried to get into u of t architecture out of high school and didn't get in so I guess he's giving it another shot lol. Do u see ur bro a lot??.
Ye, we have have a class together, and i live closer to campus than him so he comes over fairly often..
Lol nice, what class?.
Its a class called underground economics, its about the criminal economy..
Nice!! How are ur other classes going?.
The work load is pretty heavy. But i like  them all! What classes are u in?.
At least you're interested! I have my intro to architecture class, then I have another arch class called visual thinking then I have personality, linear algebra and a genetics class that has a psych angle. Overall pretty chill, linear algebra is super easy. What classes r u taking?.
Operating Systems, Intro to Algorithms, Calc 2, Underground Economics and Honours Macro. Those architecture class sound really good!.
sounds like a rough term! Yeah they're pretty fun so far, it's nice having to draw for school, it makes me actually do it hahaha.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153517154845861&set=p.10153517154845861&type=3&theater.
omg lolol. are they dating?.
idk, who is the girl/ should we warn her lol.
Lol if she's posting pics of him then I think it's too late!!. U coming home for thxgiving?. also I can't tell if this is ironic.
Naw, im visiting my cousins in New Hampshire. Also i dont think that photo is ironic, just really cringe worthy.
Nice, a classic all-American Canadian thxgiving! yeah that's what I suspected. Also have u voted yet?.
Ye i did. Good ol matty d. Have u.
Nicee, not yet, I was going to today and the I was like "I'm not ready!!". But I think I'll vote for him too. He's the strongest opposing candidate in our riding.
Haha. All the candidates are trash in our riding imo. But yea, he is the only person who can beat Keith..
Lol true, it's funny that we know him. I wonder if he remembers us.
Aaha yea, i wonder that too! Mean i feel i met him like 3 times.
Yeah I know, was he a leader??.
Yea, he lead a delegation to norway a year after we went to sin city.
Ok yeah that's what I thought, oh was it the Michael leger, Madeline messenger etc. one?.
Ye!.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jjns6NAUP1g.
Ahahahhaha what the fuck.
Lol I know!! My friend showed it to me, there's other similar vids on her channel hahaha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIeX5rfXz20  Topical.
Ahahaha. How did ur friend find it?.
lol she like goes through the comments on videos she watches and creeps ppl's google plus accounts at random. my creepy roommate hahaha.
Ahahaha. Is the one who u found over the summer.
Nah just my friend from last yeah haha.
http://www.cbc.ca/includes/federalelection/dashboard/index.html?rt=b. The streme is on there.. *stream.
thxx!!. so far so good, don't wanna jinx it though haha.
. Same! I dont think harper will win tho. My mom made that pie 2day and sent me a pic lol.
ahahah omg love it!. good ol pegi, I bet she didn't even put that on fb.
ahaha, one day she will get FB..
then she'll troll you and comment on all ur shit just like all the other moms.
hahaha. nothing worse than a mom with fb. . .
ahahaha did u make that?.
ye lol.
love it. wheres the background from?.
i googled 90's graphic lol.
ahahaha. good candidate for a dank meme. matty d won!!!.
Ye! this is nuts so far!. Did u vote?.
yup! for the libs lol. I think everyone in atlantic canada is on the same page lol.
yea, I voted lib 2. did u vote in Fred or Hali?.
fred, my riding in hali was always ndp so fred was the best option. CBC has me feeling bad about the NDP hahah.
ahah yea, kinda sad. I think everyone wanted to play it safe and not split the vote..
yeah definitely, that's how I was feeling at least. we just can't afford to re-elect harper this time.
Yea, true. Its cool that there is a CISV'er in parliament lol.
I know! I wonder if anyone will post it in one of the 1000 CISV groups haha.
ahaha, ye. there really are alot of CISV groups.
Idk how many I am in but I should really just turn the notifications off lol. I get at least one a day.
Yea, i turn off all mine. It is overwhelming..
it's kinda weird feeling so removed from it. do you think you'll be a leader/staff?.
um, maybe, but I dont know when I would do it. Cuz i need to work like every summer. what about you?.
idk I feel the same way, like I always wanted to but now that I could actually do it soon I feel like I'm gonna be pretty busy for the next few years.
yeah. It kinda makes me think about how our leaders were able to do it.
I know! This summer I could theoretically lead a village delegation and definitely don't think I have my shit together for that haha. I kinda get why parents get nervous sending their kids away now.
haha, yea. I remember when i was a kid that i didnt differentiate between like 20 year olds and 40 years interms of responsibility.
So true, I hate being 20 haha. I feel like I'm in a midlife crisis.
yea, I feel that. I am just trying to not look to my future.. https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10153114101656937. Chris Murray in back....
Omg hahaha what is he even doing there??.
https://www.facebook.com/keithashfieldmpfredericton/photos/pb.390592791004858.-2207520000.1445459025./952016924862439/?type=3&theater. I guess he is conservative....
That's so bizarre, I guess you never know who is conservative lol. I wonder if it's like a family thing.
i think so, I saw a pic of his brother on keith ashfields fb page. lol.
Lol so awk, Max's parents are actually conservative. Or at least they were, not sure about recently. His grandfather was like an mp or something in Ontario.
yea, my mom told me that. Apparently max's granddad was a pretty famous politician..
Yeah apparently there are political cartoons of him! I think my dad has a book but I'm not sure.
ahah. That must have been weird for max's dad growing up..
Yeah I would think so, I actually don't know much about it. All I know is that his sister turned into a crazy cat lady and took over the family house in Spencer's island where I used to go for thanksgiving haha.
hahaha, weird. Do u talk much to max anymore?.
haha sort of, we don't really talk that much but we're kinda like family so nothing really changes once we see each other. Oh and I saw him on thanksgiving!.
yea. that makes sense.
Martha might be living with me next semester actually haha. Larrissa applied for pharmacy school in Australia and if she gets a scholarship then she's not coming back for second semester.
damn. that cool.
Then Martha was saying she was interested at thanksgiving.
Is martha done uni?.
yeah it's super cool, she already got in but she can't go if there's no scholarship. Ya she finished in December cause she started a semester late. *finishes.
So what is she gonna do in Hali.
Lol no idea. Rachel forrestall and Ashley Corbett live here though so I imagine she's just gonna chill with them.
oh cool. What did she take?.
Lol not sure, some arts degree. And I think a gender and women's studies minor.
ah, kk.
Is Chris still doing poly sci?.
Double Poli Sci and Econ, yea.
Lol nice, you still doing Econ and comp sci.
yea, Rock and roll! U still pych?.
Yup, also gonna minor stats!.
oh that cool. Stats is pretty interesting!.
Yeah I like it so far, I was thinking of switching to a double major but I did rly bad on my midterm yesterday so shelving that idea for a while lol. . Wow u didn't get tagged in this #harsh.
Ouch. Lol.
U should like the post lol.
. This is the weirdest engagement announcement ive ever seen..
Ahaha yeah I saw that!. Good show though haha.
Ahaham lol. I wasnt a fan.
Lol I liked it, not enough to pair it with an engagement announcement though ahaha. Omg that old video of u eating the egg ahhh.
haah. did that show up in ur feed?.
Since I commented on it originally I got a notification actually hahaha.
oh lol.
Did u guys ever end up finishing it?.
Naw, not even close. lol. what a waste.
Ahaha. Was that the one where u were crazy?.
lol yea..
I think I filmed a scene for that!!. I was like a counsellor or something.
YEah i remember that. In stu. lol Hows university?.
Yeah haha, it's going okay, getting close examz lol. I just finished this architecture term assignment. How's it going for u?.
Cool, what was the assignment?. Its good 4 me, just ready 2 be done. lol.
Lol same haha. It was like a poster for an exhibit on a specific architect. I can show it to you later if u wanna see it haha.
yea defiantly!. WHen is ur last exam.
The 19th :/. U?.
21st lol Are u taking Maritime Bus home?.
Aw that sucks, nah Lucy has a car! And we finish on the same day so it works out good. I had to take the bus for thxgiving and it was soo bad.
Yea, Maritime bus is a shit show. lol That cool that lucy has a car, does she use it often?.
I hate it, have you ever taken it from mtl?? She doesn't use it that much actually since everything is pretty close, she does take me to get groceries though haha.
lol, yea im a maritime bus veteran. I have take the mtl freddy ride like 10 times now. it is the worst 12 hours a guy could ask 4.
Holy shit that sounds awful!! Does Chris go with u?.
yea most of the time. and josh liu and jack ball a couple of times..
Aw that's cool, do you and jballer still hang out and stuff? He seems to be having a lot of fun with his roomies from what I can see on Facebook hahaha. . Wtf?! Did they just drop this without warning?.
Holy shit!! Helll yes!!!. I have been checking the website over the past couple of months, and it didnt really say anything. Sooo good!.
Can't wait to listen to it!. I bet they didn't really know when they were gonna be ready haha. have you listened yet?.
naw, not yet.  have a final today, so imma listen after it.
lol same. what exam do you have?.
Operating Systems, wbu?.
Linear Algebra.
Shitty, is it gonna be hard?.
the content isn't that bad, it's just a lot of shit to remember haha. no formula sheet and a lot of theory. u?.
Yea, its a 4th year engineering course. And the prof is good at being really vague. it like one of those classes where no one does well in it so u dont fell bad getting a bad mark. lol.
omg that sounds brutallll, is it a required course or regretted elective??.
haha, I thought it was required, turns out it isnt. lol. I actually really liked the class, we did some cool assignments. Its just frustratingly hard. Is this ur second lin alg course?.
That's cool, at least you got something out of it, that's kinda how I felt about Discrete Math last year haha. it's my first one actually, it has a part 2 but I don't need to take it. it's not that bad for something I didn't know much about beforehand, and the prof is awesome so it's pretty chill.
When do u write?.
7pm, u?.
6, but 7 ur time lol. are u ready?.
lol nice! Not really, I feel like I'd be ready if it was tmr lol. what about u?.
idk, I feel like I have learned all I can learn at this point. lol.
yeah like what more can you do at this point? The prof will probably curve it too, most engineering classes are like that from what I hear.
yeah,at this point I just want finals to be over lol.
lol yeah pretty much, how many more exams do you have after this?.
2 more wbu?.
same, and I have like a week to study for them after this. what are your's in?.
Lol me too after this one mine next one is a week away. I have honours Macro and intro algorithms.. wbu?.
those sound terrible! I have Personality and then Genes, Brain and Behaviour which is like a mix of neuroscience and bio.
That sounds cool! did u write an exam yesterday?.
no we didn't have exams yesterday, did you?.
ye i had calc2 yesterday..
I'm gonna take that in the Summer! was it bad?.
The course itself is easy, as in none of the concepts are hard, but sometimes integration can be tough to do..
ok that sounds good, I don't mind integration actually haha.
Hey how did it go!.
It went alright, got stuck on a few questions but I don't think it brought my mark down! How'd it go for you??.
That good. Lol mine was as I expected, really tough. But it was all good in the end.. Like everyone thought it was tough, so it will scale prob.
Ya like as long as you're in a certain percentile it should all work out haha. Lol is David in mtl rn?.
lol, no, that photo is from the summer. idk why he just  posted it. lol.
lol, i heard he got I to dal? Is he gonna go?.
He told me he is going to dal if he doesnt get into mcgill.But he doesnt hear back from mcgill until spring.
Ahaha that'd be so funny if u guys all went to McGill. Does he know what he wants to study?.
YEa, it would be really weird, I hope he comes here so I can use his meal plan. I think he wants to study Chem or Bio, but I dont think he really knows..
Ahaha priorities, it would be rly funny if you guys all decided to live together.
Hahaah, yea, that would be ridiculous.. Do Jonathan know where he is gonna go?. *does.
All he knows is that he wants to go far away lol. Probs Alberta, or somewhere with a tennis program. Anna was telling me how the other day deid was like "oh Jonathan you're growing up so fast so you're gonna leave and never visit us!" and he just didn't say anything cause it's kinda true lol.
Ahahaha, does Jonathan not like Deid?.
Lol I think she can just be a bit much sometimes. Idk if you go over there a lot but they all fight all the time ahahaha.
Haha, I never go over there. But that doesnt really surprise me. The only interactions I have with deid is when she comes over to my house and drinks wine with my mom lol.
Ahaha wine moms. Yeah it gets especially awk when they bring me into it. Like deid will go "what do you think mia is Anna being unreasonable?" and I'm just like "Uhhh haha idk 󾌱".
lol that would be really awkward. is anna home now?.
Yeah she's just studying at home but she still has exams.
thats sweet, Studying at home would be really nice.
Yeah it would be nice not to make meals but at the same time I find there's way more distractions. That's just what I remember from being at unb so maybe I just didn't want to study science haha.
haha, oh yea, I totally  forgot that you went to UNB for a year. lol..
Lol ya, I forget most of the time too tbh. Sometimes I'll go there to study while I'm home and it's weird see all these ppl that were in my classes.
haha,  its pretty dope that u transferred, it would have been so easy to just stay..
Yeah I almost did, I was originally gonna go to Ottawa and was super disappointed with the campuses I toured and I even forgot I applied to dal. The only reason I went is cause they sent me a letter saying that I hadn't paid my registration fee. Honestly I probably should have just went in first year lol.
Is the transfer going to set back ur graduation?.
Nope! I actually gained a credit by accident cause they gave me my physics credit even though I didn't take a physics lab. I've decided to double in psych and stats and I can still graduate in 4 years so that's pretty cool lol.
Thats sweet! Stats seems really interesting to me!.
Yeah I'm liking it so far, I think it would be a cool job! Have u been liking comp sci or Econ more?.
YEa, I find it all really interesting! happy with my choice thus far. Do u think ur gonna do grad school?.
That's good! Nah, psych is really competitive and I just don't think I like it enough to go through with it. The field itself academically is not really what I thought it would be. What about you?. Lol saw Abbey, Rachel, Kendall and Cassidy Allan at the capital tonight.
lol did u talk to them. ?.
Just smiled and waved ahaha.
lol. Was ol Richard Du there?.
Nah didn't see him. Idk he could have gone though.
I know they were hanging out 2nite. And a bunch of ppl went to snooty fox..
Lol nice, you didn't go?.
Naw. Still in Montreal :"""""""""""""(.
Oh yeahhh shit that's so sad. Have you gone to the capital before?.
yea, I went like once a week in the summer. lol Funny place.
Ya it's pretty hit and miss, I feel like u just kinda go to run into ppl ahaha.
yea, was there a show there tonight?.
Lol ya there were ppl playing stuff? I didn't pay much attention.
haha. oh fun fact, I think jack ball and robbie lynn are in an improv group that does shows at the cap..
Omg for real? I had no idea that was a thing.
Nor did i.
Sounds like something they would do though lol.
I havent seen them do a show. And i dont really want to. I think it would be kinda cringy.
Ya I feel like there's no way it couldn't be just cause we know them. U wanna skype?.
I cant. Im studying for my final tmr :(.
Ahhh so sad :(. What final?.
Algorithms.
Shit, well I'll leave ya to it then! Good luk!.
haha thanks! have fun!.
Thanks ahaha. can't tell if I should start listening to this podcast http://www.worstideaofalltime.com/about.html.
that sounds like it could be really good. im going to listen lol.
lol ya I think I will too, idk how good it would be to binge though.
lol true, i guess it will depend on how interesting the dudes are.
yeah, I'm listening now to see. It would have been better if you were there from the start.
ye. the episodes seem pretty short.
haha true, not sure I'd want to listen to them talk about Sex and the City 2 for more than that though lol.
lol ye true. have u been listening to serial.
I'm a little behind cause I listen to it before I go to bed and end up falling asleep ahaha. you?.
aha, yea, im up to date. Its pretty good, but its no season 1.
yeah from what I've heard of it I agree. I think people just seem to be more drawn to murder cases. Happy birthday!! no longer a swaggy teen.
Haha thanks! Did u listen to the worst idea of all time ?!.
lol ya I've listened to the last couple of eps. u?.
I went to the first episode and started listening. Im on episode 40 of season 1.
whoaa haha, is it worth doing?.
ahaha, I enjoyed it. Its really light. So I listen when I am doing something else.
yeah I've found that with the ones I've listened to, so have u watched Grown Ups 2 then? haha.
Hahaha, yea, Its was amazingly bad. I watched it like 2 days ago..
lol I imagine it would be, I've seen Sex and the City 2 so that's why I've been listening to the more recent ones. also a terrible movie. I really wanna try watching a bad movie like that every week to see what it's like.
AHAH Like the same movie every week. ?.
yeah just like how they do it!. I want to see how bad it is.
oh hahaha. Yea, I feel like it wouldnt be as bad as they say..
I guess it would depend on the movie.
ahaha yea true. What movie do you think you have seen the most?.
hmmm that's a good question. I feel like I've seen a lot of movies like 5-7 times and then after that I can't really think of anything. you?.
umm, Yea same. There are no movies I have seen like a sickening number of times. But Joli McGraw has seen Pitch Perfect something like 45 times. lol.
ahaha that's insane whyy.
I have no idea> when I asked her she just said "Its a good movie!".
I guess if you like it.
ahaha, have u seen it?.
oh yeah at least like 4 times lol. I haven't seen the second one though. I like it, but I think it would get old after 45 watches haha.
ahahah, yea  true. How are things this semester for you?.
good! I've got lab classes this semester and no math classes so it's definitely a different feel than last semester.
Thats sweet. What kind of lab classes?.
Research methods in memory and Experimental Social Psych. how's ur semester so far?.
Oh that sounds really cool! My semester is just easier than last semester. But I have one prof who is fucked. Like he is a climate change denier..
lol wat, what does he teach?!.
This Econ Class called "Current Topics in Economics".
wow that's pretty fucked. I guess climate change and economics don't really intersect, or do they??.
In Ecological Econ they do. But i doubt he will touch on that in the course. How do u like ur profs?.
3 are great, 1 is ok and I hate 1 lol. apparently Lucy said that she overheard that my Forensic Psych prof was spotted at the club that all the students go to.
ahaha, shades of Rutledge!  Is that prof the same prof as the one u hate?.
lol so true! Nah he's ok, just sketchy cause of that. the guy I hate is my intro to architecture prof. he's super pretentious and has a huge ego, he like uses his travel pics and his friends' work as examples in class.
aahahah, is he old. ?.
yup how'd u know?!.
hahah, just a hunch. Old ppl always thinks they are sweet..
trueee, yeah I'm extra mad cause yesterday he called my project concept a "cute idea".
ahahah, wow what a condescending prick. Whats his name.
peter henry, he's got mixed reviews. but I feel like the ppl who like him have just never met an architect before and believe everything he says haha.
ahaahha..
what are ur profs like?.
Other than the one fucker, I really like all of my other profs! Although one of my profs only knows how to whisper. lol.
Ahaha that's good, I hate when profs don't speak up, its like the vocal equivalent of writing small on the board.
ahahaahhaahahah so true.
Hey so I'm actually gonna be in Montreal from the 15th to the 18th, we should hang if ur not too busy!.
Ye!! Sure! You can see my shitty apartment!. What are u coming up for?.
Lol, it's my reading week so me and Lucy are coming up to visit Ella! Lucy's boyfriend is actually coming to visit his own friends also haha.
ahah, oh cool. Ur reading week is soo early!!!.
Yeah I know it sucks, my parents are going to Florida without me ahaha. When is urs?.
First week in March.
Yeah that makes way more sense, idk why ours is like that.
lol. Its funny that ur rents are going to florida without u!.
Lol yeah I'm kinda used to it now, they've already been to New Zealand and Portugal without me :'(.
Did they go back to NZ since you have been back?. frm NZ that is.
Lol yeah they went when I was in first year. For like 2 months.
oh shit. ahah.
Lol ya they suck ahaha.
I read ur dads rate my prof the other day lol.
Lol oh yeah?.
AHah Yea he has a really good score.. And all the comment about him are really nice.
Lol yeah I think I've read it too. Good to know. Also super glad there were no chili peppers Lolol. Some of my friends parents have them.
hahahh. Doesnt  Jim Gilbert Walsh have one.
Lol yeah, Sam beckley's dad had one too.
ahahaha. All my friends parents have good ratings. Except for Richard's Dad.
Ahaha what do they say?.
"This man did not know up from down. He was more confused more than he was a statistician. Usually he could not explain his own examples and would spend more time giggling trying to figure out what the answer was than teaching the actual course." I always recite this to Richard..
LOL. Too good. What subject does he teach? Math?.
Yea, business stats. A few of our friends have had him..
Oh really? What do they say?.
They all thought he was good-ish. Prob not super good, cuz his english isnt that good. Some one did mention his giggling tho, hahaha.
Lol if I wonder what he's thinking about. It must make the class uncomfortable ahaha.
Ahahaa yea. Have u ever talked to him b4?.
Haha good question, I honestly can't remember. Probs not like a legit conversation.
ahaha, talking to him is really hard..
Lol really? Is it the accent?.
Not even understanding him. He is like one of those guys who seems really out of it. And sometimes when I ask him a question he just laughs, no real response..
Thats hilarious! I couldn't imagine him being my dad Lolol.
ahahha yea.
Hey my number is 506-471-1313, I'm coming in tmr night so txt me if ur free this week!.
alright sounds good! How long are you going to be here?.
I'm leaving at 11:30pm on the 18th!.
Hey do u want to come 2 pub trivia with me and  chris on Wednesday night?.
Yeah sounds great haha. Hey so where/when is the thing tonight?.
Hey come over to my place at like 645 7 ish, My Address is 3557 Aylmer, Apt 2.
Ok cool see ya then!. Pretty sure I just saw Cole Denovan on the bus lol.
Lol. He told me this winter break that he lives in housing for second year students..
Lol I wonder where, I'll look him up on the system at work haha. Lol just ran into Daniel He on the engineering campus.
Ahahahah. Did u say hi.
Ya I didn't see him but he was like "Mia?" And I turned around and we had a chat haha.
Lol. Do i know him well?.
Not rly, after we chatted I was trying to think of the last time we interacted and I couldn't think of anything hahaha.
Ahah dhe is a verry weird man.
Ahaha oh really? I've never heard anything about him. How is he weird.
he is really motivated to become a doctor, so now he is like a total try hard in uni. lol.
Lol ya I can see that, he said he was in Halifax for some sort of conference.
yea, he was at mcgill for a conference this week too.
Lol that's cray, did u see him?.
yea, i hung out with him for a bit. https://www.facebook.com/FrederictonPolice/photos/a.860403533970926.1073741830.839999232678023/1183491784995431/?type=3&theater.
holy shit. I hope everything's ok.
yea, really.
How did u find the post, did someone share it or something?.
My brother sent it to me.
I met someone who is also doing Econ and computer science today!.
Wow!! another beautiful snow flake!!!. was it a dude.
Ahaha, it was a girl actually!. She's here visiting my friend's girlfriend lol.
Wow. That seems even more rare! ahah. Where does she go?.
She goes to school on Boston? Like Wellesley or something?. It's a women's college lol.
oh weird.
Apparently Hillary Clinton went there.
lol. Oh guess who I saw today. Ari Polo.
Whoa no way!!! That's so awesome, how did it go?.
It was really fun to see her. She is really laid back so it was really easy to chat with her like old times..
That's cool, yeah she's great. There's this girl I know from my summer camp who lives in Montreal but I wasn't sure if I should ask her to hand or not cause I was worried it would be awk haha.
ahah.  Where is she frm?.
She's from Lebanon but her mom's canadian or something. https://www.facebook.com/sariya.idriss?fref=ts. this is her in case you ever see her ahha.
hahaha I keep an eye out for her..
how's school going?.
pretty decent. 3 weeks till finals, so im feeling the pressure. Wbu?.
lol I feel that, I only have one exam so I basically have a shit ton of final projects due in the next week. don't think I'll be sleeping much lol.
Shitty. Are u still planning on working on ur portfolio this summer?.
yup! Going back to Hali for a course in July though. are you still looking for comp sci jobs in Freddy?.
I am interviewing at a start up from fredericton tmr actually.  Its my second interview with them so hopefully it goes well. If i dont get that job i have an offer 2 run a comp sci camp in the city.. But dont really want 2 work with kids..
haha, didn't you do that last year?.
Yea. Kinda. Id be working for the same dude. But i would be running my own camp this year..
wow that sounds intense, hopefully you get the start-up job haha.
Yea. I hope so too! What july course are u taking?.
Intermediate calc, it's a pre requisite for a course in the fall. I hope it's not too bad, I'm kind of excited cause it means I get to take 4 courses instead of 5 for a semester.
Oh thats cool.
Yeah I'm gonna take cryptography in second semester now since I won't be as busy!. Gonna play the Grown Ups 2 drinking game tonite Ahahaha.
Agahahha. Ur gonna get faded!!.
Ya I'm a little worried, have u done it?.
Naw. But i have read the list and its seems brutal.
I've been really curious about the movie and I'm afraid to watch it sober lol.
Ahaha. Drunk is the only way. Are u playing it with a big group?.
I've convince one friend to watch it with me and I'm gonna try to get more ppl.
Ahaha. Thats a tall order..
I don't think I can get a lot of ppl into watching grown ups 2 tho lol. I'm surprised I convinced one person. I don't think he's aware of how bad it is. thinking of taking first year econ, would u recommend?.
Is it micro or macro.. *?.
probs micro but I think I could do either.
Micro is definitely less interesting than macro. Is it a one semester course?.
yeah, like micro and macro are 2 different courses. Micro has a better time slot so I'll see haha. are they really different?.
THey are pretty different, like Macro you get to study fiscal and monetary policy, and how countries react to changes in the world market. In Micro you learn more about how individuals make decisions, and the effect of aggregate decision making, and some game theory stuff.  Both classes are good imo. I prob like macro better cuz my prof is really good..
Haha they both seem pretty cool, maybe I'll take both. Apparently the tests aren't too hard here and I need something chill for next year lol. http://www.kijiji.ca/v-long-lost-relationships/city-of-halifax/please-help-me-find-this-man/1132609775?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true.
ahahahahhahahahhahahahahha. 'brwn_booty@hotmail.com'. Must be a different robbie lynn tho.
I hope it's actually Robbie. the ad looks too cringe to be real lol. . we should crash the wedding.
Ahhahahah we should. I am offended that we were not invited.
Low key actually offended ahahaha, I guess it makes sense since we literally haven't talked for years lol. How's ur job going?.
Qhaha. Yeah, i don't even think i would want 2 go. Lol My job is good. It can be kinda intense, but my bosses are all really nice. Hows ur summer??.
That's good, deid was telling me how you got the job and how you had to like solve a problem in front of them or something haha. My summers been pretty good, I couldn't get a job cause I'm taking a summer course in July and so I'm just chilling basically lol.
Yeah, most programming interviews they make you do that. But the problem wasnt too hard. I saw photos from ur trip. Where were u?.
I went to Vancouver and Banff, also I was in Calgary for the day! It was pretty fun, we passed by the hotel nbm was in when we were in Vancouver lol. It was a tbt. Is Chris working at Marysville place this summer?.
Ahhaha. That place we were was kinda cool. No chris doesnt have a job right now lol..
Lol the unemployed life is pretty sweet. Oh yeah I've been meaning to ask, is David going to dal or did he end up choosing McGill??.
Hahahha. He really hates not having a job lol. He is going to mcgill..
I guess it's not that awesome when you've graduated and the search is on for an actual career haha. Omg that Nicholas decarie guy from modelUn just added Ella on snapchat!!! 😬.
Ahahhahaha. Thats dude wwas soooo weird! Did she accept?.
Omg I know! One of my favourite ppl to creep haha. She has a public snapchat so anyone can just add her. Her snaps are pretty annoying tbh haha.
Ouu. What is public snapchat?.
It's in ur settings, basically it just means that anyone that has ur username can add you and view your stories automatically as opposed to them needing to add you back. I think you can send them snaps too.
Oh weird. Ahaha. Is she snap famous?.
Haha not really, she just has her username in her Instagram profile so it's mainly just a few ppl here and there adding her, I think like 300 ppl watch her stories?.
oh, thats cool. So now that ur back in freddy what are u doing w/ ur time?.
I've been trying to do some art but mostly I'm getting distracted by hanging out with friends ahahaha. Speaking of which we should hang out before I leave!.
Yea defiantly! When do u leave?.
The course starts on July 4th but I'm gonna try and get there a couple days earlier but I probs won't leave before Canada day!. I was always tired at the end of the work day so just let me know when ur free haha.
Yea, I am going away this weekend, but we should hang out sometime next weekend..
Yeah works for me! Where are you going?.
Im going to New Hampshire to see my cousin get married. lol.
Lol nice, hopefully it's an open bar!.
It is, but Im not 21, so Idk if ill get served..
Aw shit true, maybe the ol Chris can help you out then.
Yea, one way or another imma get drunk lol.
Good plan ahaha. hey still down to chill this weekend?.
yea!! What day works best 4 u?.
I've got something Sunday evening but other than that I'm free!.
Lets hangout Sunday day time.
sounds good, wanna like go for lunch at noon or something?.
ye sure, Where u wanna eat?.
hmm not sure, do you like sushi?.
ye, Im down 4 what ever.
ok cool I can just come get u at 12 then if that works haha.
kk sounds good!.
see ya then!.
Hey im gonna be a lil l8.
Lol kk, when should I come?.
Like 1215. Lol.
Ahaha kk. Heading out now.
Kk. Happy B day! Hows your summer class?.
Thanks! It's pretty good, everything so far has been review from my linear algebra class. It's been 4 days and I've already written 20 pgs of notes ahaha.
ahah shit! Any big plans 4 ur Bday?.
Lol not really, I have 4 friends here are 2 of them have family dinners so it's just 3 of us going out to eat and maybe a few beers after haha. But one friend has a bday tomorrow so we might do something more exciting then.
Exciting like bungee jumping?.
Ahahaha more like getting drunk af and being idiots at the club. . Fml William chae sliding into my dms.
Ahhahahaha. I want 2 b william's best man at ur wedding..
Ahahahaha pretty sure he'll choose his brother for that but I'll put in a good word for you. It was so awk, he was like talking about Pokemon and then was like "ok gotta go" all of a sudden.
Ahahahhaha. Damn. I never liked that guy lol..
Omg me neither, was not fun being in his delegation haha. Me and Nicole bossed his around so much lol. *him.
Ahahah. What is he doing now? UNB?.
He was at unb when I was there so I assume that's what he's doing now. Not sure what he's in tho. I feel like there's so many people that you don't hear about/run into after high school.
Yea thats very true. I would be very happy to never run into him again..
Hahah same. Me and Nicole went to see Katrina the other day and she invited us to her wedding, I feel like it's awk cause she didn't invite William ahaha. Glad he won't be there though.
Ahahaha. When is her wedding..
August 6th, I'm pretty excited. I think it'll be a fun time.
Yea that sounds like it will be a good time. Who is she marrying.
His name is Elliot, I guess they were both teaching at the school I'm Beijing. I'm glad she found someone as awesome as her. I met him when I was in China, he's a really cool guy.
Oh did u meet him too?.
Yeah we saw him in Freddy, we met their son too!.
She has a kid????.
Lol yeah, do u not have her on fb?.
No. I never added her lol..
Lol yeah she has a kid and she's the vice principal at the school in Beijing now!.
wow good for her! What is the kid like?.
He's really cute! He gravitates towards Asian women cause his nanny is Chinese ahaha. He really loved Nicole. . Have I showed you these before?.
No, Hahahahahahhahah. Jesus, why is there a coconut?.
Cause that's the size of her fetus!. She does one every week. And the fruits/vegetables are always the same size!.
Ahahhahaahhaha, most of the things are her complaining about her pregnancy....
I know, it's like so tmi ahaha. Like it looks like a clickbait post ahaha.
ahahaha, has she done 30 other of these?.
Just checked, she started at 16 weeks. So much good cringe material, wish u had her on fb lol.
Hahaahah, Do ppl comment on these photos..
Some of them do but not all!. They get like 30 likes each. . I'm trying to find the cringiest ones but they're all pretty equal haha.
AHahahaha " Mom's gotten a sneak peak of indigestion " .... wtf.
I know right?! Like no one wants to see that. It's funny when she mentions "weird dreams". Like what's that supposed to mean?.
Ahahaaha. How is ur class? Are you done it yet?.
Yeah I finished last week, I didn't do that well but whatever it was a fun month lol. It just went so fast I didn't have time to practice everything enough!. Back in Fred now.
Ahaha as long as you got the credits! What are ur plans for August?.
not doing much, pretty bored lately, we should hang for sure!.
Yea me too tbh. Whats best 4 u?.
any time is good for me, except this Saturday!.
Okay cool. Wanna get lunch on Sunday?.
Yeah sure, see u then!. Pick u up at 12?.
Sounds good!.
. Heading out now.
Kk.
Finally went to the sushi place! It was good we should go.
Yea! Wanna go Saturday?.
Yeah sounds great 👍🏼. 12 tmr?.
Sounds good!.
Hey I'm gonna be like 15 mins late sry haha.
Lol no worries. Found my dream girl. .
Omg ahahaha. So many great ppl to meet in nb. Looking at this cringe makes me want to get tinder lol. . Our friend Bryan.
Ahahahahaha, what a weird looking guy.
Lol you should see him in real life!. . Another gem.
Ahahahaha the sunglasses on his collar lol.
lol I know!! Typical Bryan. http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2004/06/deep-springs-college200406. interesting read.
Thats crazy. I watch a bunch of utube vids about it yesterday, pretty weird..
I feel like I wouldn't like the guys who go there haha. They kinda seem like intellectual douchebags.
Yea the guys in the video all seemed like rich kids who want to be ~writers~.
Lol yeah I got that impression too, just a bunch of rich guys being told they're special.
.
Omg. You're still in nb I presume?.
Naw im in mtl rn but i capped this like 2 days ago lol.
Lol I was gonna say, Alex doesn't really fit the mtl vibe ahaha. What does "one common connection" mean?.
It means i have a mutual friend with the person. Lol.
Oh lol, that would probably happen a lot when you're in Fred eh?.
Ahha. Yea there is usually at least one person usually frm keswick.
Lol all hicks are connected I guess. . Lol at this.
Hahahahha what a ridiculous guy..
I hope he never changes the name back. . .
Ahahhahahahahahahaha. She is sooo scary....
I sent this to lucy and she said "school spirit is her drug" ahaha.
Ahahahha. Once after a dance I was cleaning up for Src with her. And we were talking and I was like "I cant to leave high school" and she was like "I love FHS, i love being here. It makes me so happy.".
omg hahah that's so weird. I just can't relate to that kind of person, like not even loving learning but just like loving the place where you learn lol.
Ahah yea. I don't get it all!.
lol yeah. how are ur classes going?.
Pretty good. I am taking calc 3 tho which is really fucking boring... i am taking an art history class which is really cool.  How about you?.
I think I took that this summer, pretty brutal haha. that's cool, I'm taking a design drawing class as my elective and it's pretty chill. Other than that I'm in math classes and they're not too bad so far. This girl in a couple of my math classes befriended me on like one of the first days, she's kinda crazy but at least I have someone to go over the assignments with ahah.
Ahhahahaha. Crazy in what way?.
Lol it's hard to put my finger on it exactly. She's very weird haha. Like the first day I met her I overheard it was her bday and then later she started talking to me and I legit thought she was drunk!. But that's just her. And like she's super open about her sex life. Like last Friday we drove to this party together and she was just telling me like all these details about the guys she's slept with. And in my head I was like "uhh I've known u for 3 days" hahahahahha.
ahahahahh, yea she sounds off... I wonder if she vapes... Maybe she was drunk..
hahaha only time will tell. omg almost forgot! Her parents are Mennonite and she was raised mennonite.
Ahahahhahahaahahhaha, that adds a whole new level. link?.
happy to oblige. https://www.facebook.com/gracemarie.dyck?fref=ts. the multiple names on facebook is already a red flag lol.
Ahahah i was just gonna say that!!!.
it's so true tho!.
She seems strange based on ur fb..
lol yeah, like she posts weekly math jokes. if you met her in real life you'd be able to tell she was crazy right away lol. http://business.financialpost.com/news/transportation/meet-gabor-lukacs-the-child-math-prodigy-turned-professional-airline-troublemaker. this guy is my prof!.
hahahahahahahhaha, is he a good prof.
he's really nice but he's not very good at explaining things haha. goes too fast through the material. but I'm also reallllyyyy bad at financial math so idk if it's just me.
Ahahaha, bitter sweet. Based on the article he seems like a strange guy,.
ya he's definitely not normal, he'll reference characters from operas in his assignment questions.
ahahahah,  can u tell that he is really smart talking to him?.
I wouldn't say "really smart" exactly hahah. but like when I found out he was a prodigy I was like "that explains a lot" lol. like he looks really young for a prof and you can tell he's not socially adjusted. I was thinking of dropping the class because I did so bad on the midterm but now I want to stay cause I'm like super interested in prodigies/geniuses hahaha. . Do you know this guy?.
Yea. He was friends w/ my lil bro back in the day. Y?.
lol he lives in the res I work at~. !. didn't realize he was from freddy.
Ahahah. Oh shit. Yea. His fam moved 2 Kingston or London when dave was 12. Did u ever meet his sister lauren craik. She is ur age.
oh yeah her, I know the name but don't recognize her after creeping lol. she must have gone to albert.
. . . James Craft. lol.
Lmao I know! We've been discussing it a lot in my group chat. . . We were trying to guess how old he is.
ahahahah, yea, He looks like he is 50 at least. Either that or he has aged extremely poorly.
Lol yeah we guessed 50 too. I wonder if my parents would recognize him. I thought he looked familiar but then I realized it could just be cause he looks a lot like mark ruffalo ahahah.
Ahahahahah! Mark Ruffalo wishes he looked like the hunk of man meat!. I wonder what his job is....
Lolol yeah same, I have so many questions. Like how did they meet and what does her mom think. I bet he's French. I just have a feeling haha.
Hhaha, he is def french!.
Lol glad we're on the same page. . Omg also this. The comment was deleted when I went to check like 10 mins later lol.
ahahhahhahahahahahhahhaahhahahahahahahhahah. Jesus thats soo good. Evan Morgan asking the real questions.
lol the only one brave enough to ask. . omg the shaaaadeeeee.
ahahaha, damn. Why did she put sugar daddy in quotes. Does she not think sugar daddies exist... Also Taylyr got fucking shut down!.
lol ya I don't get that either, maybe it's for a sarcastic effect lol. ya Taylyr got schooled. . the rest of the convo.
ahhahaha holy shit, "I haven't heard from you in years and we are family" I would def not talk to Jaymes if i were related 2 her. Im team Taylyr!!!.
same ahahaha, ya Taylyr is just saying what we are all thinking. . Oh shit waddup.
insta famous!. have u seen his website.
No I'm too scared to creep lol. Have you?.
lol yea. its pretty lame. he just posts about homework. http://www.wgertler.com/.
Da fuq why would you do that.
i am very curious as to who is target audience is....
It feels like he's trying to copy websites that profs have. If you've ever come across those.
ahahh yea! 100% that is what he is doing. But like profs usually have relevant stuff on there. His is like a lame diary.. pretty douchey bio lol..
Lol exactly, it all comes across as very vain TBH. He's so pretentious.
hahaha, yea. I feel like the only person he is fooling is himself..
Idk you'd be surprised, there's a lot of idiots out there ahahaha. http://www.mathstat.dal.ca/~selinger/. This is my fav prof website. My linear algebra prof from last year, not sure if I've already showed it to u lol.
aaahahahahahahhahah omg. That is soo fucking good! HIs menu is a picture. What kind of guy is he?.
It's amazing, definitely look through all of it when you get a chance. He was like one of my favourite profs. Super entertaining. He was like really outgoing and funny in his lectures but once I went to his office hours and he was kinda shy, didn't expect it. I've come to learn people are in math are usually fucking weird lol.
Has he lost a lot of weight???. .
Holy shit, sure looks like it from that pic !. I heard a while ago that he did actually.
Call him Model Gertler..
Lol between that and the hair loss it's a whole new look!. . What has gotten into Instagram lately?!.
I got that notification too. I am deeply concerned....
Did she follow you yet?.
No. Did she follow u?.
Nope, rude. This vid is hilarious.
lol yea. so good! Fricking deds..
Hey so I'm leaving on the 6th, when are you free for watching TAL ?.
Are u free on Wednesday? I am free that whole day.
Yeah I'm actually seeing Richard in the "early afternoon" but we can meet up after?.
Okay, sounds good!.
Sweet, should I go to your place?.
Ye sure. But i dont have anything to play dvds on, lol.
I'll bring a DVD player lol. I'll message you as soon as I'm done with Richie.
lol kk sounds good.
On my way!. . . Highly classified and exclusive screenshots on further developments into the jaymes craft situation. Jane is Lucy's mom btw lol. ^ she's the same age as our moms.
Ahahah holy shit! Puke city is right!.
It's funny cause she told her mom that 😁. Happy birthday !! ~2️⃣1️⃣~.
eyy Thanks!!!. Lol will gertler sent me a bday message saying 'haps' pretty sure I havent spoke 2 him since we were on SRC together... whats his angle....
Lmao you should chat him up and find out.
Ahahah i actually went 2 see him lol. He is in mtl today.. Weird talk.
Omg no way! So that was his angle. What did you guys talk about?.
lol just small talk lol.
What international bills do you need?.
Mostly African countries!.
Cool, I'll try my best lol.
Are u on ur winter break?.
No I'm just skipping school lol. Kinda worried about it tbh. Gonna try and study while I'm here.
hahahha, Where are u?.
Norway!. I'm doing this international student festival thing.
oh shit. u mentioned that 2 me over the break right?.
I think so? Maybe I didn't I can't remember hahaha.
are u in oslo?. wait wtf time is it there?.
Trondheim, it's 8:15, I have a session at 9 and I can't get out of bed Lolol. It's so cold and dark here ahaha.
ahahah i feel that way every day lol. How is the conference?.
lol trueee, today is the first day so idk yet. It's got cisv vibes tho lol. I'm actually staying with a friend from cisv so I'm super excited about that!.
yea it sounds kinda CISVy. That cool! Had u kept in touch with the person prior to u going there?.
Yeah like only a little, then we skyped a while ago and he told me to apply so I did and here I am ahaha. lmao @ Bernadette Babin.
Lol its killing me. Old ppl are so bad at fb.
who the fuck is it?.
I joined an fb group of pics of where my dad grew up and she was is the group and randomly added me on fb. I dont know her. She is just frm the same town as my dad.
lmao. adding her was a mistake on your part. but I guess it's entertaining ahaha.
ahaahah I have never regretted something more in my life.
ya that would be me ahaha. . Courtesy of Lucy.
Hahahahahahahahaja so good wtf. Wtf dylan.
Lolol I know right?!. I don't even know where to start with this. . This one too.
Ahaha "I do not lie and do not appreciate being lied to.".
lol that's my favourite part. lucy says tinder is really cringy/depressing in fred lol.
Ahahah it really is.
http://www.kurims.kyoto-u.ac.jp/~motizuki/top-english.html. Is this real?.
ahahaha. Did u find this on the math memes page.
I was browsing this related meme page https://www.facebook.com/Shinichi-Memezuki-1251979828166084/. It's basically a meme page dedicated to him lol. lol less than 2000 ppl like it, so niche.
ahahahahaha. that is very niche. lol i was walking in toronto yesterday and walked past this dude from our village. https://www.facebook.com/francisco.j.ledesma.73?fref=pb&hc_location=friends_tab&pnref=friends.mutual.
No way!!! Did you say anything??. . Apparently he goes to OCAD.
Ahaha. No, i didn't really register untill i walked past!.
you should get abbey to try and find him lol. https://bitchihavesomethoughts.wordpress.com/.
Ahahahah wtf. Yyy.
idk, I feel like starting a blog is so 2009 lol.
lol tru! did u know ashley at all?.
A bit, she worked with us in drama club. I didn't really like her that much haha.
Hahaha. Ye, she doesn't seem to be in touch w/ reality..
Yeah she seems a bit weird. .
Ahahahhhahahhaha. I want that as my grad photo.
lol oh for sure, when I think of Daniel I think of Timbits!!. Omg. .
Ahahah, i got the same message. Havent opened it yet....
leave her on read. Jk you can let Greg do that.
Aahhahah, i wonder how greg is doing these days.
Lucy saw him at an nye party, he's a St. Fx bro now and he didn't even say hi to her apparently ahaha. he deleted me on fb😪.
Ahahahah. Fucking greg. The writting was on the wall w/ that guy... he is taking business right...
lol yeah everyone what a guy. Not sure but I can only assume hahaha. If he moves back home maybe I'll see him around Halifax, not sure what I would say though.
Ahhahahahha. Yea, maybe just push him....
lmao I would, he's be like "what?" and I'd just run away.
. I guess so!.
Hahahaha I don't even know why I still have him on Facebook to be honest.
Ahahahaha. I stick around for posts like this!.
really though! Charlotte went to STU with him and apparently he's such a polysci bro ahaha.
ahahah.
Hey I'm gonna be in Montreal next week from Wednesday to Saturday, let me know if you have time to meet up!.
Yea! Im free Thursday Friday Saturday. We should grab lunch or dinner!.
Yes! I'll message you next week when I've got a better idea about my schedule. I leave on Saturday evening so Thursday or Friday is probably gonna work better. Hey so it looks like Friday. is that good?.
yea, I can't do dinner on friday. Wanna get lunch?.
sounds good!. Still good for lunch tmr?.
Yea!.
Sweet! You pick the place and I'll meet you haha.
Kk sounds good. Where are u staying btw?.
I'm at 4147 Clark st. Lucy's house.
Okay cool. Is there any type of food u want/dont want?.
Maybe if there's a good Chinese place, but I'll eat whatever.
Kk. We can go to china town. Its a little far thoi.
Yeah sure! We can always meet and then walk there, whatever's easiest.
Yeaa my place is on the way.  Wanna do 1?.
Yeah sounds good! Should I meet you at your place?.
yea the address is 3557 rue Aylmer apt 2.
Cool ok see you at 1!.
Sounds good!.
Did josh Liu go to Mandy's yesterday? Lol.
Lol. Idk. I he doesnt strike me as the salad type. But if he was with a girl maybe lol.
yo man whats the movie we are watching in french called??.
why you want to rent it>?.
9:35-10:25 every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Oh lame. Mine is Tuesday, Thurs.
Sucks! Do you have class today?.
Yea. I had them but im done now!. https://www.facebook.com/FTPmcgill/photos/pb.348776148634706.-2207520000.1417486664./358213944357593/?type=1&theater. What an inspiration!.
I'm dying! This is too funny!. Nice smile! LOL.
Ahahaaha. What can I say, thr camera loves me!.
Did you see your grade for math 133??.
... sadly yes.. But i passed so fuck it! Its all good!. How u do?.
Same! Got 60.
Hahah i mean i passed the class. I definitely  did not pass the final! Ahhahaha.. Maybe he will scale..
Yep! That'd be cool!.
Ahahah. Do you you think he will?.
Idk... Are you home??.
Like at molson? Or home home?.
Molson. Are you stupid...
Ahah. No im at my brothers!.
Shit. Ok! Me and Justin were just on your floor.. ;(.
Haha. Should you guys be studying  for physics.  Or are you that confident!?.
I'm confident that I'm gonna fail! Ahah how was your exam??.
I think i passed. The class is for 3rd years so i dont even know  why i was allowed  to  take it. So it was tough. But fuck it one more exam and then imm freeee!.
Ahah yeah that's weird! Anyways, I'm sure you did well! ;) when is your last one??.
Tmr at 2. Wbu??.
Good luck! I believe in you!. 9am.
Ahahh. 9 am physics. I feel bad for you....
I know! I feel bad for myself!.
Hhaha.  When are u going to quebec  city?.
Hey.
 Bonjor mattieu, its daniel from canada, we met in cincatnatti in 2007, remember me?.
Yes , of course. ;p.
do u still live in france.
Yes , I lived in France but recently I moved to London fo my father's job. x) So i speak english better than 3 years ago ;p.
hahaha, yeah, does your dad still work for coke?.
Yes x).
are you still involved in CISV?.
No x) I  came 1 week to,amsterdam in 2008 and after no.. And you? X).
Yeah I went to Denmark 2 years ago.
Hey.
 hi!.
hey whats up bro.
in the great white north, what about you?>.
hey whats up daniel.
NOT MUCH YOU???. srry caps lock....
just watching a movie.
What one?.
grown ups.
Ah, so how is it?.
if have seen it before, so it is pretty good.
Nice nice, so when to you ship out to italy?.
june 17th to july 5th.
Wow, are u ready?.
yeah i can't wait to go. so when do u know if u are a jc.
I have no clue, if im not a jc i know i will be going to france!.
nice are u going to meet up with the french delegation.
Perhaps.. the thing is in Paris... and lyon is in the south so maybe....
cool.
YEah! aha, so whats happening iin Michigan shity?.
Yo bro (:.
Hey. Dude I watched battle royal the other day like you said I should.  Soooooo sick.
You liked it?.
Yes. I thought it was sweet. Did u?.
I love it.. Sup?.
Smoking. You? What time is there?.
It's 5am. Why are you smoking?. I'm kinda skyping.
What do you mean why? And who with?.
Didn't think you smoked. Oh, I'm just skyping with a girl.
Just weed. Mysterious...
Weed is awesome (: Wish I had some. But yeah I like being mysterious.
Is ot hard 2 get in norway?.
Yeah, kinda hard. But I can get it if I want. But I've had no cellphone since I returned.
Why?.
Hi Daniel, It's me Vinson from FHS. I just wanted to ask you for some advice about McGill's econ/computer science program because it's what I hope to study at Uni. Do you think you could give me some feedback on the program, and what faculty you're in? (Arts, science or business)?.
Hey Vinson, I am in the Bachelors of Arts and Science program. It basically allows you to pick one Arts major and one Science major. The requirements for the Science major within the Arts Science program are less than a normal science program. For example, if you do Computer Science in the faculty of Science there are roughly 24 required courses. But if you do Computer Science in the bachelor of Arts and Science program you only there are only 15 required courses. The program of Comp Sci/ Econ is actually really interesting and it requires you to use both sides of your brain. I enjoy it so far!  The only drawback is the scheduling classes can be a little hectic because some Comp Sci classes are at the same time as Econ classes. but that is never really that big of a problem! If you have any more questions feel free to ask!.
Cool Dan, do you think that arts+science faculty is the way to go? I applied to physical sciences and business. Are you able to double major within both faculties? Also, are the economics professors pretty good there, like are there any world class people? What about campus service centers and stuff, do you think they'd be better than places like u of t or something?. Ok well, do you think the experience is worth it? McGill is also pretty expensive, do you think the prestige, the career opportunities and entrepreneurial environment is worth it?.
I dont think that you can double major in Science. You can in business, but, comp sci isnt an option. So if u want  to do Comp Sci and Econ you need to do Art Sci. A lot of the econ prof are good. and there are a couple who are considered great economists, and are in the news on a semi-regular basis. As for resources for students, McGill is infamous for its bureaucratic system, sometimes getting things done can be really frustrating..
Oh ok.
Overall I would say it is worth it. It is a place where there is certainly a lot of opportunities. That said it can be hard to stand out because there are a alot of smart ppl here..
Is an arts+sci degree valuable? I heard that the degree is very regimented, and difficult to cater to your needs. Do you find that too rigid? Also, do employers even value arts+sci that much?.
I dont know how valuable a art sci degree is versus a Science degree. My suspicion  is that if you are looking to get a job in Comp Sci, the company will care more about how strong of a programmer you are rather that your given faculty. In that sense the comp sci job market seems fairly meritocratic..
What about in the field of econ? Do they value a harder science background as opposed to simple pure arts/business?.
Within econ I think that having compsci in your degree would really valuable. It is a way to stand out from all of the other Econ majors..
I personally would love to work with large organizations like government or in the entrepreneurial sector, do you have like the same aspirations?.
I have no idea what I want to do when I finish. But, probably a start up!.
Coolio man.. You know man. I was reading over that advice you gave me and I realized that I  ended that conversation abruptly and with more harshness and rudeness than I anticipated..
ahahah, No worries..
So uh. Thanks. for the advice. I still plan on going to the program man, so we should definitely hang out and stuff..
So have you got in to McGill?.
I've got arts acceptance and I'm really certain that I'll get my artsci soon. I submitted an extenuating circumstances letter so it takes longer, but my top 5 average when including the 2 sciences + math +english is 92.6%.
Yea, I presume that you will get in to ArtSci no problem!.
Just to check, interim marks can still be used  for admission right?. Like marks as of this point for classes i'm undergoing right now?.
Yea, you use ur midterm marks. Like you can use the report card marks you got last Wednesday..
Wait, how'd you know that? Have you been following me around school, lurking stealthily in shadows?. I haven't told anybody but my parents that I got those marks. Are you holding them hostage?.
ahahah, you caught me.
🏀_🏀. Crap I don't know why I write ludicrous things. Anyways, you still liking your second year in the program btw?.
Ye. still fun!.
Pretty fantastic brp. O ya man, I just got my acceptances to artsci and physical sciences lol. convenient timing. I guess we'll be seeing each other in a bit man because artsci is my first choice. Unless maybe if I get an offer from queens commerce (Which i'd probably reject anyways because of the cost, campus elitism, business curriculum, and atmosphere)..
Congrats dude!!!.
25 multiple choise. we have couple chemical reaction we had to write and. we have to balance it, states, types of reaction. ionic and net ionic equation was it, the disassociation. all the mole stuff (n=m/M). some definitions like the create a chemical reaction. u need a collision with sufficient energy and right orientation. which is called the ______ collision theory. emperical/ molecular format. it's about that. and. one diagnostic. ex: halogen, "pop" test,. that's about it:). oh wait. that theory is collision reaction theory.
Thanks now time to study:\.
:). daniel!. what did u put for chemistry work sheet #2 and 3?.
havent started yet lol.
lol i thought u did it in class?.
oh yeah i started it. 2 is H+ and 3 is OH-.
that's it?.
ist the question about acid and and bases right.
yup. it says" what entity in water is characteristic of acids/ base?".
ya, those are the awnsers.
Hey.
 haha yeah, are we still watching the cove???.
Yeah, i think , but has anyone gotten it? This movie night is going to be terrible!.
hahaha i know i think robbie is down loading it.
Oh gosh.. Hey do you need a ride today to the meeting at wilmot?.
naw, its all good :D, but what are we going to say when we get up to talk about the jb?.
Salutations!You are cordially invited to attend the training day for the 2011/2012 JB Board.  This is a very important meeting, so it’s mandatory you attend.  This will be taking place Saturday September 17th, from 2:30pm until 5:30pm at Madeline Messenger’s house, which is 205 Church St, also the corner of Church and George.  After the training, we will be filming a dance for the Dance One Day and maybe ordering pizza, so if you could bring a few bucks, that would be great.  Hopefully you can stick around!  PS:  Please RSVP as soon as possible.Santana.
ILL BE THERE. How was smtihs Exam???.
Hey.
 um i think it was tomorrow.
Hey.
 . . . asd. . HI Dan. . . As my schooling career continues it seems like more and more of my time is spend inside of the classroom. As a result I feel as though I value my time outside of the classroom more and more. My extracurricular activities include hockey Model United Nations, crystal growing club children's international summer villages (CISV).  Side for my extracurricular activities I'm also extremely passionate about film, both viewing and acting, and painting. Both Film and art have acted as stress relief for me, as well as a creative outlet.. Damian Rodrigues private I rolled outta bed splitting the blind justice for finger and index finger a ray of sunlight shot into his room. Peering out the window on the streets he saw nothing but elderly people. Of course not surprising, Damian was old too. Ever since the cure for the common death was discovered people would stop procreating creating an average age of 96 years old and rising. Despite all the intellectual power that it had taken to find the cure,    the scientist that over with one minor detail, the weather.       You're probably wondering what the weather had anything to do with the elderly. The truth is it is everything to do withWhat do all elderly people ha iin. common. They love talking about the weather this affect seemed almost Temple Pilots because with the cure for death they could no longer talk about their health problems its what you might call the perfect storm no pun intended. Damian couldn't stand it all this talk will it rain wanted what's the humidity going to be any chance of showers tomorrow . He knew there had to be a way out of this, he knew that the human race is more than just a bunch of mass is a flash talking about the weather . Give me instead of walking in the street towards his favorite watering hole the Tiki lounge as he was deep in thought. He sat down at the bar stool he looked over to mail the bartender  and barked pina colada, virgin. His liver was what are used to be. A few seconds later Mel sweet over       the Favre eversion pina col. Seemingly sweating itself is condensation good for the side of the glass.            in the class was a straw and a mini umbrella. Damian worked up as Mel B& to speak so how about that weather. Damian refrain from throwing these drinks treadmills face incep with just mustard a groan.  Damian plucked mini umbrella from the Pina Colada, twirling a small would end between his fingers. He stare longingly at the window  and then it hit him. How could I have been so dense Damian thought it was in front of me the entire time . How many virgin pina coladas have I sipped with the answer in the class the entire time. Glanced at the mini umbrella in between his fingers and the smirk way to Chris's face. Here enter the Tiki lounge and down the street to umbrellas Emporium purchasing as many umbr He touched the umbrellas together. In walking strands, creating a grade of open umbrellas . Even stronger Bros from one end of the street to the other, creating a canopy over the people below. In the days to follow he would do the same for all the streets a city covering them with umbrellas so that the weather was never sunny but never rain never too hot and never too cold it was perfect. Damien solve the problem now we no longer have to hear about the weather. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10200852233408061&set=a.1610191454611.2083030.1230973834&type=1&theater. The myth vibrating beneath the surface of Macbeth is one of the original myths – that of the fall from the state of grace.  That it is a source of the play’s power suggests its continuing relevance to the human situation, its truth.  The manner in which the myth is manifested in Macbeth is perhaps best suggested by Lady Macbeth:			…look like the innocent flower,			But be the serpent under’t.	[I. v. 65-6]The flower suggests Creation and links itself with the play’s many images of growing things.  The serpent suggests the deception which slithered into Eden to tempt Eve…Lady Macbeth here is the tempting serpent and, of course, is also the deceived.  In that Macbeth is a man in a fallen world, the play concerns the further fall of man – the loss of his soul.  But in that Macbeth stands closest to royal favour (with the exception of Malcolm) in a potentially redeemable world, his fall parallels that of Lucifer, who stood closest to God (with the exception of the Son).  The fall of Macbeth draws for its precedent on the first and last books of the Bible, a fact which suggests the fundamental implications of his crime.  “Christian philosophy,” says Walter C. Curry, “recognizes two tragedies of cosmic importance: (1) the fall of Lucifer and a third part of the angelic hosts, who rebelled against God and were cast out, and (2) that fall of Adam, who was originally endowed with perfection and freedom but who set his will against God’s will and so brought sin and limited freedom upon mankind.”  The fall of Macbeth draws on the combined power of those of Lucifer and Adam.The power beneath the surface, then, is the myth of that fall from a state of grace, whether the fall from the beneficent light of God or the expulsion from paradise on Earth.  The myth has three basic manifestations in Macbeth: moral ambiguity and decision, feminine persuasion, and cosmic retribution.Macbeth is projected into a fallen world, one which seems to have eaten of the fruit of the tree of good and evil and which cannot tell the two apart.  There are the obvious ambiguities – “Fair is foul and foul is fair” [I. i. 11], “fair and foul” [I. iii. 38] – which resound so ominously through the early portions of the play…The words of the opening scenes are like those two spent swimmers of whom the wounded soldier speaks – they “cling together / And choke their art” [I. ii. 8-9].  Often the lines say two things about Macbeth – they praise him as hero and, prophet-like, predict his coming treason:				Norway himself			With terrible numbers,			Assisted by that most disloyal traitor,			The Thane of Cawdor, began a dismal conflict,			Till that Bellona’s bridegroom, lapp’d in proof,			Confronted him with self-comparisons			Point against point, rebellious arm ‘gainst arm          [I.  ii, 51-6]The lines are constructed to suggest that Macbeth confronted Cawdor as well as Sweno – a self comparison which becomes an ominous mirror reflecting treason present and future.  The hint is reinforced by the adjective “rebellious”, which points across the sentence to modify the second arm – Macbeth’s.The actions of Duncan during the opening scenes share the predominant ambiguous quality; he attempts to engender Eden on earth yet helps to promote his murder.  As Macbeth returns from battle, Duncan assumes the role of creator, his rightful role within the kingdom of Scotland:			I have begun to plant thee, and will labour			To make thee full of growing. 	     [I. iv. 28-9] Macbeth is in a state of grace.  The choice of remaining in Eden under this beneficent aegis is his.  But while attempting to encourage Eden, Duncan unconsciously promotes treason.  The King invests Macbeth with the traitor’s title, thus prompting Macbeth to assume the traitor’s reality.…The language of the opening scenes intermingles the possibilities of good and evil, suggesting the terms of Macbeth’s decision.  Ironically, as he comes closer to killing Duncan, his awareness of the heinousness of the crime becomes clearer.  Like Adam, Macbeth knows clearly what God’s word is and what the general results of Duncan’s murder must be:	…his virtues			Will plead like angels, trumpet-tongu’d, against			The deep damnations of his taking-off.      [I. vii. 18-20]An act which would outrage angels, involves the perpetrator in damnation – the dimensions of the fall are suggested by the drop from “angels trumpet tongu’d” to “deep damnation”.  The attainment of “black and deep desires” will have the “deepest consequence” [I. iii. 126].Any discussion of Adam’s temptation or of Macbeth’s must involve Eve – or Lady Macbeth – the element of feminine persuasion, the spur of which Macbeth speaks at the end of his soliloquy.  While Lady Macbeth is linked unmistakably with the Weird Sisters, the temptation scene rings with echoes of Eden:			Macbeth:  Hath he asked for me?			Lady M:  Know you not he has?	[I. vii. 30]God walked through Eden calling, “Where art thou?” to Adam.  This gives context to Macbeth’s departure from the banquet scene and to his subsequent guilt as seen in his soliloquy. Macbeth can only explain his sinful conscience to his wife in materialistic terms.				I have bought			Golden opinions from all sort of people.			Which would be worn now in their newest gloss,			Not cast aside so soon.				[I. vii. 32-5]His argument is conditioned by her inability at this point in the play to see beyond the tangible…But to employ a materialistic excuse for not pursuing a materialistic course is to open oneself up for counterattack.  Lady Macbeth retorts, implying with a sneer that cowardice lurks behind the thane: “When you durst do it, then you were a man” [I. vii. 49]…The roles of Eve and Lady Macbeth coincide – each ignites the ambition latent within her husband’s breast.…More permanent than failure in this life, however, and more terrifying than annihilation, is damnation in the life to come…Macbeth’s fall is linked to images of a faded Eden.  He speaks of all that he cannot have:   “…honour, love, obedience, troops of friends” [V. iii. 25].			For them the gracious Duncan I have murder’d;			Put rancours in the vessel of my peace			Only for them, and mine eternal jewel			Given to the common enemy of man									[III. i.  65]He mentions the loss of his soul – the jewel he has tossed away like a careless trifle…Macbeth can know no pleasure.  Death is not all that awaits Macbeth at the end of the play.  The language reinforces the rhythm of damnation with which Macbeth’s soul has been merging from the first.  We see Lady Macbeth in hell; we see Macbeth on the way.. In May of 2014 I was fourtunate to be a member of the Fredericton High School Model United Nations team, where I represented China on ECOSOC at JPHMUN.JPHMUN included schools from all over New Brunswick and PEI. Our team was awarded "Best Deligation". The teacher supervisor for our team was Mrs. McAllister.. These tweets were retweeted, forwarded, and widely shared by readers. They migrated beyond Twitter to blogs, Tumblr, Facebook, and other sites; I'm told they generated fierce arguments. As the days went by, the tweets were reproduced in their entirety on the websites of the Atlantic and the New York Times, and they showed up on German, Spanish, and Portuguese sites. A friend emailed to tell me that the fourth tweet, which cheekily name-checks Oprah, was mentioned on Fox television.These sentences of mine, written without much premeditation, had touched a nerve. I heard back from many people who were grateful to have read them. I heard back from many others who were disappointed or furious. Many people, too many to count, called me a racist. One person likened me to the Mau Mau. The Atlantic writer who'd reproduced them, while agreeing with my broader points, described the language in which they were expressed as "resentment."This weekend, I listened to a radio interview given by the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Nicholas Kristof. Kristof is best known for his regular column in the New York Times in which he often gives accounts of his activism or that of other Westerners. When I saw the Kony 2012 video, I found it tonally similar to Kristof's approach, and that was why I mentioned him in the first of my seven tweets.. Those tweets, though unpremeditated, were intentional in their irony and seriousness. I did not write them to score cheap points, much less to hurt anyone's feelings. I believed that a certain kind of language is too infrequently seen in our public discourse. I am a novelist. I traffic in subtleties, and my goal in writing a novel is to leave the reader not knowing what to think. A good novel shouldn't have a point.But there's a place in the political sphere for direct speech and, in the past few years in the U.S., there has been a chilling effect on a certain kind of direct speech pertaining to rights. The president is wary of being seen as the "angry black man." People of color, women, and gays -- who now have greater access to the centers of influence that ever before -- are under pressure to be well-behaved when talking about their struggles. There is an expectation that we can talk about sins but no one must be identified as a sinner: newspapers love to describe words or deeds as "racially charged" even in those cases when it would be more honest to say "racist"; we agree that there is rampant misogyny, but misogynists are nowhere to be found; homophobia is a problem but no one is homophobic. One cumulative effect of this policed language is that when someone dares to point out something as obvious as white privilege, it is seen as unduly provocative. Marginalized voices in America have fewer and fewer avenues to speak plainly about what they suffer; the effect of this enforced civility is that those voices are falsified or blocked entirely from the discourse.It's only in the context of this neutered language that my rather tame tweets can be seen as extreme. The interviewer on the radio show I listened to asked Kristof if he had heard of me. "Of course," he said. She asked him what he made of my criticisms. His answer was considered and genial, but what he said worried me more than an angry outburst would have:There has been a real discomfort and backlash among middle-class educated Africans, Ugandans in particular in this case, but people more broadly, about having Africa as they see it defined by a warlord who does particularly brutal things, and about the perception that Americans are going to ride in on a white horse and resolve it. To me though, it seems even more uncomfortable to think that we as white Americans should not intervene in a humanitarian disaster because the victims are of a different skin color.Here are some of the "middle-class educated Africans" Kristof, whether he is familiar with all of them and their work or not, chose to take issue with: Ugandan journalist Rosebell Kagumire, who covered the Lord's Resistance Army in 2005 and made an eloquent video response to Kony 2012; Ugandan scholar Mahmood Mamdani, one of the world's leading specialists on Uganda and the author of a thorough riposte to the political wrong-headedness of Invisible Children; and Ethiopian-American novelist Dinaw Mengestu, who sought out Joseph Kony, met his lieutenants, and recently wrote a brilliant essay about how Kony 2012 gets the issues wrong. They have a different take on what Kristof calls a "humanitarian disaster," and this may be because they see the larger disasters behind it: militarization of poorer countries, short-sighted agricultural policies, resource extraction, the propping up of corrupt governments, and the astonishing complexity of long-running violent conflicts over a wide and varied terrain.I want to tread carefully here: I do not accuse Kristof of racism nor do I believe he is in any way racist. I have no doubt that he has a good heart. Listening to him on the radio, I began to think we could iron the whole thing out over a couple of beers. But that, precisely, is what worries me. That is what made me compare American sentimentality to a "wounded hippo." His good heart does not always allow him to think constellationally. He does not connect the dots or see the patterns of power behind the isolated "disasters." All he sees are hungry mouths, and he, in his own advocacy-by-journalism way, is putting food in those mouths as fast as he can. All he sees is need, and he sees no need to reason out the need for the need.But I disagree with the approach taken by Invisible Children in particular, and by the White Savior Industrial Complex in general, because there is much more to doing good work than "making a difference." There is the principle of first do no harm. There is the idea that those who are being helped ought to be consulted over the matters that concern them.. I write all this from multiple positions. I write as an African, a black man living in America. I am every day subject to the many microaggressions of American racism. I also write this as an American, enjoying the many privileges that the American passport affords and that residence in this country makes possible. I involve myself in this critique of privilege: my own privileges of class, gender, and sexuality are insufficiently examined. My cell phone was likely manufactured by poorly treated workers in a Chinese factory. The coltan in the phone can probably be traced to the conflict-riven Congo. I don't fool myself that I am not implicated in these transnational networks of oppressive practices.And I also write all this as a novelist and story-writer: I am sensitive to the power of narratives. When Jason Russell, narrator of the Kony 2012 video, showed his cheerful blonde toddler a photo of Joseph Kony as the embodiment of evil (a glowering dark man), and of his friend Jacob as the representative of helplessness (a sweet-faced African), I wondered how Russell's little boy would develop a nuanced sense of the lives of others, particularly others of a different race from his own. How would that little boy come to understand that others have autonomy; that their right to life is not exclusive of a right to self-respect? In a different context, John Berger once wrote, "A singer may be innocent; never the song.". One song we hear too often is the one in which Africa serves as a backdrop for white fantasies of conquest and heroism. From the colonial project to Out of Africa to The Constant Gardener and Kony 2012, Africa has provided a space onto which white egos can conveniently be projected. It is a liberated space in which the usual rules do not apply: a nobody from America or Europe can go to Africa and become a godlike savior or, at the very least, have his or her emotional needs satisfied. Many have done it under the banner of "making a difference." To state this obvious and well-attested truth does not make me a racist or a Mau Mau. It does give me away as an "educated middle-class African," and I plead guilty as charged. (It is also worth noting that there are other educated middle-class Africans who see this matter differently from me. That is what people, educated and otherwise, do: they assess information and sometimes disagree with each other.)In any case, Kristof and I are in profound agreement about one thing: there is much happening in many parts of the African continent that is not as it ought to be. I have been fortunate in life, but that doesn't mean I haven't seen or experienced African poverty first-hand. I grew up in a land of military coups and economically devastating, IMF-imposed "structural adjustment" programs. The genuine hurt of Africa is no fiction.And we also agree on something else: that there is an internal ethical urge that demands that each of us serve justice as much as he or she can. But beyond the immediate attention that he rightly pays hungry mouths, child soldiers, or raped civilians, there are more complex and more widespread problems. There are serious problems of governance, of infrastructure, of democracy, and of law and order. These problems are neither simple in themselves nor are they reducible to slogans. Such problems are both intricate and intensely local.How, for example, could a well-meaning American "help" a place like Uganda today? It begins, I believe, with some humility with regards to the people in those places. It begins with some respect for the agency of the people of Uganda in their own lives. A great deal of work had been done, and continues to be done, by Ugandans to improve their own country, and ignorant comments (I've seen many) about how "we have to save them because they can't save themselves" can't change that fact.Let me draw into this discussion an example from an African country I know very well. Earlier this year, hundreds of thousands of Nigerians took to their country's streets to protest the government's decision to remove a subsidy on petrol. This subsidy was widely seen as one of the few blessings of the country's otherwise catastrophic oil wealth. But what made these protests so heartening is that they were about more than the subsidy removal. Nigeria has one of the most corrupt governments in the world and protesters clearly demanded that something be done about this. The protests went on for days, at considerable personal risk to the protesters. Several young people were shot dead, and the movement was eventually doused when union leaders capitulated and the army deployed on the streets. The movement did not "succeed" in conventional terms. But something important had changed in the political consciousness of the Nigerian populace. For me and for a number of people I know, the protests gave us an opportunity to be proud of Nigeria, many of us for the first time in our lives.This is not the sort of story that is easy to summarize in an article, much less make a viral video about. After all, there is no simple demand to be made and -- since corruption is endemic -- no single villain to topple. There is certainly no "bridge character," Kristof's euphemism for white saviors in Third World narratives who make the story more palatable to American viewers. And yet, the story of Nigeria's protest movement is one of the most important from sub-Saharan Africa so far this year. Men and women, of all classes and ages, stood up for what they felt was right; they marched peacefully; they defended each other, and gave each other food and drink; Christians stood guard while Muslims prayed and vice-versa; and they spoke without fear to their leaders about the kind of country they wanted to see. All of it happened with no cool American 20-something heroes in sight.Joseph Kony is no longer in Uganda and he is no longer the threat he was, but he is a convenient villain for those who need a convenient villain. What Africa needs more pressingly than Kony's indictment is more equitable civil society, more robust democracy, and a fairer system of justice. This is the scaffolding from which infrastructure, security, healthcare, and education can be built. How do we encourage voices like those of the Nigerian masses who marched this January, or those who are engaged in the struggle to develop Ugandan democracy?If Americans want to care about Africa, maybe they should consider evaluating American foreign policy, which they already play a direct role in through elections, before they impose themselves on Africa itself. The fact of the matter is that Nigeria is one of the top five oil suppliers to the U.S., and American policy is interested first and foremost in the flow of that oil. The American government did not see fit to support the Nigeria protests. (Though the State Department issued a supportive statement -- "our view on that is that the Nigerian people have the right to peaceful protest, we want to see them protest peacefully, and we're also urging the Nigerian security services to respect the right of popular protest and conduct themselves professionally in dealing with the strikes" -- it reeked of boilerplate rhetoric and, unsurprisingly, nothing tangible came of it.) This was as expected; under the banner of "American interests," the oil comes first. Under that same banner, the livelihood of corn farmers in Mexico has been destroyed by NAFTA. Haitian rice farmers have suffered appalling losses due to Haiti being flooded with subsidized American rice. A nightmare has been playing out in Honduras in the past three years: an American-backed coup and American militarization of that country have contributed to a conflict in which hundreds of activists and journalists have already been murdered. The Egyptian military, which is now suppressing the country's once-hopeful movement for democracy and killing dozens of activists in the process, subsists on $1.3 billion in annual U.S. aid. This is a litany that will be familiar to some. To others, it will be news. But, familiar or not, it has a bearing on our notions of innocence and our right to "help."Let us begin our activism right here: with the money-driven villainy at the heart of American foreign policy. To do this would be to give up the illusion that the sentimental need to "make a difference" trumps all other considerations. What innocent heroes don't always understand is that they play a useful role for people who have much more cynical motives. The White Savior Industrial Complex is a valve for releasing the unbearable pressures that build in a system built on pillage. We can participate in the economic destruction of Haiti over long years, but when the earthquake strikes it feels good to send $10 each to the rescue fund. I have no opposition, in principle, to such donations (I frequently make them myself), but we must do such things only with awareness of what else is involved. If we are going to interfere in the lives of others, a little due diligence is a minimum requirement.Success for Kony 2012 would mean increased militarization of the anti-democratic Yoweri Museveni government, which has been in power in Uganda since 1986 and has played a major role in the world's deadliest ongoing conflict, the war in the Congo. But those whom privilege allows to deny constellational thinking would enjoy ignoring this fact. There are other troubling connections, not least of them being that Museveni appears to be a U.S. proxy in its shadowy battles against militants in Sudan and, especially, in Somalia. Who sanctions these conflicts? Under whose authority and oversight are they conducted? Who is being killed and why?All of this takes us rather far afield from fresh-faced young Americans using the power of YouTube, Facebook, and pure enthusiasm to change the world. A singer may be innocent; never the song.. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BzhoEfOTN7heUG5wOTE2Y1NhNHc/edit?usp=sharing. http://charint.com/McGraw.Hill.Discrete.Mathematics.and.Its.Applications.7th.Edition.Jun.2011.pdf. http://detexify.kirelabs.org/classify.html. https://www.writelatex.com/1564594twyzqk. \documentclass[a4paper]{article}\usepackage{ dsfont }\usepackage{amsmath,amsthm,amssymb, parskip}\newtheorem{problem}{Problem} \theoremstyle{definition} \newtheorem*{solution}{Solution} \begin{document} \title{Assignment 2} \author{Daniel Lutes, ID 260609221} \date{\today}\maketitle\begin{problem} The Class NP. Prove the following problem is in NP.\\Subset Sum Problem: Given a set of n integers {x1, x2, . . . , xn}, is there asubset of these numbers that sum to exactly k?\end{problem}\begin{solution}\end{solution}\begin{problem}Proof Techniques\\(a) Give a direct proof that: Every odd integer is the difference between twosquares.\\(b) Give a contrapositive proof that: For any $x, y \in \mathds{Z}, if 4|(x^2 + y^2)$ then xand y are not both odd.\end{problem}\begin{solution}Proof Techniques\\(a)\begin{proof}$x \in \mathds{Z}$, $(2x + 1)=(x+1)^2-(x)^2$\\Expand the right hand side:$(2x + 1)=(x^2+2x+1)-(x)^2$\\Simplify, the positive and negitive $(X^2)$ cancel leaving $(2x + 1)= 2x+1$\end{proof}(b)\begin{proof}$x, y \in \mathds{Z}, if 4|(x^2 + y^2)$ for contrapostive assume $x,y$ are both odd.\\Set $x=(2n-1)$ and $y=(2n-3)$. $\frac{((2n-1)^2 + (2n-3)^2)}{4}$\\Epands to $\frac{(4n^2 - 4n +1) + (4n^2 - 12n + 9)}{4}$, simplify to $\frac{(8n^2 - 16n + 10)}{4}$\\Dividing reveals $(2n^2 - 4n + 2.5)$. No matter what $n$ is input $ n \notin \mathds{Z}$.\\If $n\notin \mathds{Z}$ and $x=(2n-1)^2$ and $y=(2n-3)^2$. Then $x, y \notin \mathds{Z}$.\\\end{proof}\end{solution}\begin{problem}More Proof Techniques\\(a) Prove by induction that, for any $n \in \mathds{N}, \frac {1}{2!} + \frac{2}{3!} +...+ \frac{n}{(n+1)!} = 1 - \frac{n}{(n+1)!} $(b) Prove by contradiction that: $log2 3 is$ irrational.\end{problem}\begin{solution}More Proof Techniques\\(a)\begin{proof}$n \in \mathds{N}, \frac {1}{2!} + \frac{2}{3!} +...+ \frac{n}{(n+1)!} = 1 - \frac{1}{(n+1)!} $\\$\frac {1}{2!} + \frac{2}{3!} +...$ Can be expressed as $\frac{(n!-1)}{(n+1)!}$\\The revised statement becomes $\frac{(n!-1)}{(n+1)!} + \frac{n}{(n+1)!} = 1 - \frac{1}{(n+1)!}$\\Base Case: let $n = 1$: $\frac{((1)!-1)}{((1)+1)!} + \frac{(1)}{(1+1)!} = 1 - \frac{(1)}{((1)+1)!}$ becomes $\frac{1}{2} = 1 - \frac{1}{2} $ which is true\\Induction Step: $\frac{((n+1)!-1)}{((n+1)+1)!} + \frac{(n+1)}{((n+1)+1)!} = 1 - \frac{(n+1)}{((n+1)+1)!}$ \\Simlified to $\frac{((n+1)!-1)}{(n+2)!} + \frac{(n+1)}{(n+2)!} = 1 - \frac{(1)}{(n+2)!}$\\rearaged to $\frac{((n+1)!-1)}{(n+2)!} + \frac{(n+1)}{(n+2)!} + \frac{(1)}{(n+2)!} = 1$ becomes $\frac{((n+1)!-1) + (n+1) + 1}{(n+2)!} = 1$.\\Because $((n+1)!-1) + (n+1) + 1 = (n+2)!$ , $\frac{((n+1)!-1) + (n+1) + 1}{(n+2)!} = 1$ becomes $\frac{(n+2)!}{(n+2)!} = 1$\\\end{proof}(b) Proof\begin{proof}Let $a,b \in \mathds{Z}, and,(a/b) \in \mathds{R} \log_2 3 = (a/b)$ Rearange to $2^{a/b} = 3$\\Then $2^{a} = 3^{b}$ The previous statment is clearly untrue. For it to be factual you would be able to get factors form 2 or 3. This is imposible as it would contradict the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic: the prime factorisation of a number is unique.\\ *https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20081117024649AAsIJfO*\end{proof}\end{solution}\begin{problem}4. Predicate Calculus.(a) What is the negation of the statement∀n ∈ N (the remainder when n2is divided by 4 is either 0 or 1)(b) Either the original statement in a) is true or its negation is true. Whichone is it?\end{problem}\end{document}. 1.A. 2.8833 B. 3.32.A^B3. 4.B   10% 235 90% 235| 25% 258 75% 258| 75% 306 25% 306| 90% 329 10% 3295. 6.A.a | B.b | C.b 7.A.b | B.c | 8.A.b | B.c | C.c| D. |0.155,0.064,0.22,0.56| |E.b12.b14.|18| |0.23,0.38,0.19,0.14|. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSoYfJu2Z00. http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/00648/news-graphics-2007-_648799a.jpg. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10127871/how-can-i-read-image-pixels-values-as-rgb-into-2d-array. http://www.rgagnon.com/javadetails/java-0257.html. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1519736/random-shuffling-of-an-array. http://www.topcoder.com/challenge-details/30046712/?type=design. http://math.harvard.edu/~ytzeng/worksheet/distance.pdf. http://nrich.maths.org/askedNRICH/edited/2360.html. http://www.businessinsider.com/the-best-theories-about-the-serial-podcast-2014-11. http://strathmaths.wordpress.com/2011/10/27/the-deranged-postman-problem-2/. http://support.apple.com/en-is/HT1651. http://people.ischool.berkeley.edu/~hal/Papers/how.pdf. . . . . http://futurlec.com/PotRot.shtml.
hey dan. did u do the quiz. from bio class?.
Ya. Can you send me test pics?.
u want me to??.
yea.
alright just w8 up sec. i will inbox.
KK. Thx.
. its not long u will see as they load up.
Sick thanks.
u seethem?.
yea.
kk. gl bro. study during math.
Murdock wont like that.
luts what did u guys do on friday in bio.
Just went over our reading guide. The test is 65 multiple choice and that is it.. do you have the test from last semester?.
what just mutiples?.
Ye. Do you have the animal test?.
no i wish i did. did u study?.
not yet.
dude. where r u. dan. have u dont the last question.
Kk.
no i mean. web work man. chem is not the problem haha.
Oh haha did u get it?.
yeah. it was so easy. i was being such a dumb. lutes we have test on friday right?.
Yeeye ahha.
Hey.
 Hey man can I use ur screw driver set? I need to fix my laptop.  Hmu when ur done ur classes..
fuck yeah dude I'll bring it over - what's your room again?. I've even got a computer repair set too.
haha. Room 329 Molson. are You done ur classes?.
yeah I only had one today.
Sweet. Can I swing by ur place a little later today? like after dinner?.
yeah sure. bring your laptop too.
Yo. Where you at?.
yo here.
hey man do  u have a soldering iron here?.
No dude why? I'm in a workspace that has one.
The power jack on my laptop is busted.. I think one of the wires may have detached...
Is it on the high or low voltage side?.
I havent opened up the laptop yet.
Yeah I dunno dude bring it down sometime I got my tools and shit.
aight. Are u going 2 be around doug tongiht?.
Hey.
 haahahah, Hey man! yea sure, le\t me find it!. . . . Here you go!.
Omg! This is amazing!. How are you doing? Are you living in Fredericton?.
Im good! Im in my last year of university so im living in Montreal actually. How are things at simptek??.
hey I made my own.
K.
Hey.
 . Thhhx. BHM now?.
https://designmodo.github.io/Flat-UI/.
hey ill send u the shit tmr. I have to convert files.
cool cool.
.
29 87 80. no. 29 40 60 76.
U up?.
just up now. u inside?.
Yea. Caf. Take pics of the apparment.
holden hkoivu abcjosh jliu yyzDaniel CarMAN dogdog.
whats ur cs password holden?.
$7r11n(X.
Thx..
Np.
Did u get my txt.
I did, should speed up the process. Need to call him though.
Kk. We're running  of time!.
What the rent?.
1685 a month.
Thanks. It's looking good.
What is ?.
Daddy's approval.
ahahah. Just yell at him till he says yes. thats what I did.
Lol. Ok.
So how u gonna pay. check or cash?.
He is going to talk to them after the masters are finished.
Classic dad move.
.
did u get q3?.
its comming.
message me if u get it..
could i have a copy of the images for the app.
Yea. When i wake tmr.
Hey deadbeat!. Where's my money.
What money?!?.
Just kidding. I mean the images.
Whats ur gmail.
holdenkoivu@gmail.com.
There. just shared it.
Thanks. Ur the best.
Fuck yea. Have u talked to weiyu since he left the appt.
I haven't, should I?.
Naw. jw.
Ok, thought he misbehaved.
he is tied up in my basement.
Ok emeniem. Ur not black u never will be.
a boy can dream.
Hey buddy!. How's your summer going.
Not bad. Just dicking around. What about you?.
Same, enjoying the t shirt weather. Is Robert knocking on your everyday?.
He has asked me to chill. But i havent yet. Nor do i plan 2. I saw him and his dad at h&m tho.
Hahaha that's classic, I can just image his dad trying on something and rober bobbing his head saying fresh fresh. Has Richard gotten his heart broken yet?.
Ahahahhaha. Nope, not yet. Although its only a matter of time. Are you at the camp yet?.
Yea, the kids are screaming and the bugs are biting. Kinda miss civilization. Ur still in Montreal right.
Naw. Im back in fredericton. I miss civilization tooo..
Haha sucks to suck. Also how do you say ok in French. Is it sursee?.
D'accord. Nice try ya fack.
Nanana it starts with an s and it might not mean ok,.
Not even a word in any language. Weak skills..
Be nice pleb, or I'll murder your entire family.
Here is the address of the house in the states if u wanna order that vineyard vines stuff. I am going there on the 9th. 9 Locust Ave,Exeter, NH 03833.
Thanks Dan.
New rez 4 dinner. U in.
Sure. What time?.
Like six. Me and jliu have class till 530. Then were coming back to the appartment.
Kl.
. Heres the card u can give her. you are u gonna come to trot 2nite?. Hey man can u transfer me $160 for the internet. Use daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com for the email address.
Sure.
thanks. . .
Can you send me the answers for hw assignment 2 for macro. You missed a call from Holden..
what hw's?.
the homework answers for the second assignment.
kk sec.
thanks you so much!. i am so fucked.
. lol np. Yo can u transfer me the $.
I sent it to your McGill inbox.
U sure. I cant see it.
is daniel.lutes@mail.mcgill.ca your email?. / i could send it to a different address?.
send it 2 daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com.
did it work?.
Nope.. It may take some time tho..
kk.
Oh shit. Are u pay pal transferring? I dont have a paypal. Can u e-transfer?.
kk, will do. ill pay u in cash tonight.
Ahahahhaha okay. .
thanks yo.
u at home?. U coming to trivia rn?. *tn. Yo we are going out 4 dinner 2nite at 545. u wanna come?.
Twas the night before christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring not even Laura-ann or russ. Hey dan,   mom,dad,and I are going skiing and will be back at around 2:00-2:30. Can you get a ride with one of your friends?. mom and dad want the phone number from where you are.
4589726.
http://www.futureshop.ca/en-CA/product/hewlett-packard-hp-g-series-15-6-intel-core-i3-370m-laptop-g6-1b74ca-pewter-g6-1b74ca/10173931.aspx?path=16029aa30fc6d248650cb98eb1378480en02.
U home.
ya.
can i use ur mine craft acoount....
why?.
just for the night..
fine.
paswird. ?.
the new password is : helothere.
Thanks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DtLdg0IS0Q.
hahah. http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/578681_365876403464982_138772236175401_1113336_1991578667_n.jpg.
ahaahah u home.
no im at jonathan. s. ww. why?.
what is ur minecraft pasword.. i didnt play last night.
i changed it.
what is it.
im not telling you im using it now.
CMON! wht is it.
no or i will get kicked from my account.
when will u be done.
like 10:30.
10.
1030.
I will kill ur entire family.
hahahah.
-pasword.
helothere84.
u home.
ya.
whats the password.
i can hear you ranting about me changing the password. 1 sec. helothere87. its changed to helothere87.
no it isnt.
im changing it because it wont work it will take 2min. hold on. its not going to work because my shitty hotmail is not letting me log in.
FUCK OOFF.
dan i payed the 20 bucks for this your lucky im letting you use it.
I havent got to use it yet.
haha ya il believe that.
ur email obiously works.... mine is working.
no. i have hotmail. ok i got it fixed. the password is helothere84 and you can never use my minecraft account after 12:00. am. again. at all.
u home.
yes.
MineCfrat pass word!!!.
no im using it.
when will u be done.
not for a while. helothere77.
where are u?.
in the study.
is there food in the kitchen?.
yeah.
like what?.
idk food..... Mom and dad want you to send a report back home, dads words exactly, i don't really get it but you might. So send a report back home..
Im in CDG and my flight leaves at 13 30.
http://www.parksandrecstuff.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/jerrygergich.jpeg. http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=502722996423838&set=a.349336218429184.94739.191106967585444&type=1&theater.
already saw it. what ur mine craft account password?.
helothere77.
and the name.
danielsun7.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-j1fyvC8r4&feature=youtu.be.
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=298069856966262&set=a.155570614549521.26218.100002897500213&type=1&theater. email?.
HEY. u there.
yeah.
tell dad or mom to come pick me up at the library.
the sub?.
the library.
k. i'm leaving in 2 minutes -mom.
tell her to leave now, its soo cold.
go inside.
fuck off. where are u?.
in my room.
Whats the MineCraft password.
im on danielsun7. you can use danielsun6 tho. the password is 123456789.
Whats dads birthday?. u up??/.
Yes.
Can u find Kai's date of birth on FB ?.
It says November 28.
what year?.
1998 I'm assuming. But it does not say.
kk. Dave can u go into the basement and take the sd card out of my camera.  Then send me the pictures of me and my friends. The most recent set of then. Should be 5 or 6 pictures.
yep il get mom to do that since my computer does not have any ports.
Just use the desktop..
.
thx. are u in any lvl 1s?.
No they messed up my schedule. But I have an appointment to get switched into all lvl 1 sciences.
Yell at mr culberson if you get the chance..
Haha they brought in 2 new people this year. + a whole new program called power school. There is probably 500+ students with problems in their schedules seeing as 12 of the 22 in my HR have problems with theirs.
ahahah, I think Culbertson just picks random classes for students then cries into his yogurt..
hahahahahahahahaha. . open it with VLC.
Haahaha..
. . Look at the caption.
Have u got a job yet..
Still looking into. Tim's is full for part time positions. I'm looking at Walmart or superstore now.
Ahahah, dead beat dave.  Are u going to NBM soon?.
Yeah it's next weekend.
Get a job cuz i want u and chris to chip into buy a tv with me for the basement.. http://www.kijiji.ca/v-electronics/fredericton/50-lg-screen-tv/1023176512?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true.
"Please spend your time getting high marks and not television" from dad.
I can do what i want with my money..
He said that as I joke lol.
So so u want  2 pitch  in or r u 2 broke.
I could buy the tv straight up right now, but I'm not interested in this run-around again.
Dave why would i need or chris. It will stay at the house.. Hey Are u in SJ?.
No mom and dad are though.
What they there?.
concert.
Oh, are they coming back tonight. I hear the roads are bad..
no tomorrow afternoon.
oh, do u think school will be canceled tmr/\.
yes.
odd?.
obviously.
odds?.
95/5.
Shit.
dunfield says 100.
Why?.
you know we are getting 35 cm.
WHAT THE FUCK.
http://weather.gc.ca/city/pages/nb-29_metric_e.html.
I thought it was freezing rain or something.
nooo. the snowfall warning says 30-40 cm and in some local areas 50cm. nvm they just updated the warning and it says nothing now.
ahaha, it wont even snow.
. . 2 tansformers just blew on the street.
Shit!!! Did u lose power?.
. All street lights out now. Still have power at house.
Ur home alone. ?.
yea.
Heard there is a murderer in the neighborhood. watch out..
hahaha.
Hey what did u score on ur drivers testbtw?.
20/20 on signs and 19/20 on other parts.
Are mom and dad around?.
Yah. Yes.
ask them if we are skyping tonight..
ok. she says sure. just a heads up im getting chris the book war and peace.
Make sure u get the right translation.
nevermind. i am getting gravitys rainbow.
Yo how are exams?.
good. pretty easy so far.
What u got tmr?.
cs. Mom and dad want to skype. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B7u6NmhIIAEuUCn.jpg.
Ahahhahahahahhagahahah.. Where did u see that?.
someones twitter.
Ahahahh. What teachers u got nxt semester?.
ms bamfod ms fraser ms cameron mr cull mr murdock.
Are mom and dad home.  Also what is ms cameron teaching?.
modern history. and yes. do you want to skype them?.
No nvm.
ok. . . .
http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090224211332/suitelife/images/thumb/e/e3/Chef_Paolo.jpg/200px-0,720,54,414-Chef_Paolo.jpg.
. Fujitsu heater broke already.
Ahahaahaahhaha.
. . . . . An update on the snow from mom.
Holy shit!. http://www.cbc.ca/player/Radio/Local+Shows/Maritimes/ID/2659443319/. . Pretty much already in. . We have been here a week and look at chris's pantry..
ahahahahahahhahahaha.
u home. Im silver IV now..
lol good job.
Ye. Ur shit compared to me..
I have gold II mmr.
Mmr?.
it's determines what level of people you are placed with.
Why dont u go ranked.. U could get plat.
I don't have time.
Lol. Do u go down if u dont play?.
yeah. u need to be constantly playing.
Wtf. Thats fucking dumb.. How much lp do u lose a day?.
it takes about a week then u lose about 10-25 per day.
Mannn.. Thats shit. Have you written your exam for pre calc 1 yet?.
no. two weeks from today.
U ready?.
well we haven't learned 2/7 chapters so no.
What is ur mark?.
91.
Dece.
the exam will be fairly easy I think. every thing has been pretty easy up to this point since the whole course is really just transformations of equations, logs, trig, and exponential functions. like everything is just transformations of something.
Yea, the second half is way easier  than the first.. How are ur other classes?.
good. we haven't done anything in English for marks so everyone doesn't have a mark in English yet and midterm report cards are in 2 weeks, I have a 92 in world issues, and a 89 in Chem.
Not bad. Did u watch semis?.
what semis?.
Worlds.
lol no.
.
hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHhhahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahaha. this is great. hahahHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH. how long did you have to wait until you could self report your grades to mcgill>. ??.
Not till January. Like after exams. Congrats on dal dude..
thanks. still a while for mcgill though. so atleast i have a backuo. up.
Yea mcgill takes forever.. Are u up??. If not message me when get back frm school.
yeah.
. Kk go to my room and find a green td duotang.
ok i have it.
Can u send me a pick of the writing on the inside of the duotang.
.
thc. thx. Can u take a close up on the Account ID?.
.
What are u getting chris?.
ghettoside.
naw. I already bought ut. *it.
no  uou didn't. also both of the shirts are sold out.
. ya i did buy it.
k. both of your shirts are unavailable.
naw. the t shirt is not sold out.
yeah. i cant add either of them to the bag.
. u can do it.
what siZE.
idk small or medium.
well pick one\.
hmm. medium. is that wallet the one u want?.
yeah. the one I linked. navy.
dosent ship 2 canada.
1 sex. sec. http://shop.herschelsupply.ca/products/charlie-wallet-navy. let me know if you have any trouble with this one. also im pretty sure the shipping is free.
kk. all good. u home.
yeah.
can u get the card frm the my camera?. and send me some of the photd. photos.
yep. where is is.
Um should be in the kitchen. ?.
yeah one sec.
Dave dude. send them!.
u never told me what pictures to et. I've been waiting this whole time.
Ahaha. send the last 5 pics.
k il do that in one hour.
WHaY?.
I am busy.
Dude. Just fucking send them it will take like 2 minutes.
i already tried. they wont transfer to the desktop. i actually tried.
Use ir com0.
the photos of are u in a suit or someting.
Ye.
my computer doesnt jhave the port.
No sd port?.
nope.
How was ur exam?.
good. just long.
what was it?.
English.
oh cool. what u have tmr?.
world issues.
lol.
what.
I wonder how that willbe?.
????. I don't get it. are you hinting that it's going to be hard?.
Her exams are always hard.
you didn't take world issues though r.
I took her other classes.
world issues is different. there's not material that she can ask questions about in a similar area. or try and word them differently. it's different.
Oh.. What do U have after.
also the kids in the class are pretty dumb. the class average is a 71. Chem.
CHem exam sucks.
you had a different teacher tho.
Yea Idk\. Just the material is shitty.
yeah that's true.
whats ur application average gonna be?.
not sure but I'm probably only using two of my classes this semester anyway.
What classes?.
English and math.
Oh. What classes from next semester are u gonna use.
psychology, bio, and physicist. I may use Chem over physics but it depends.
Ye.
il probably use physics tho.
Who is ur physics teacher?.
.
lololo. How did u do on exams?.
good.
Did u get ur marks?.
ye.
what are they?.
for what.
Eng. and Math.
88 and 91. eng is my lowest.
What u get in chem?.
90.
nICE. So u could use that. What was ur highest?.
I still probably won't use it. 91 in math and world issues.
lol. Nice. What is the averge. u need 2 get?.
89. for physical earth math and computer dice. science.
Computer Dice is a great program. SO have u updated ur marks on minerva.
lol. no. the early acceptance round just ended a few days ago. so I just need to update them by March or whenever the second round closes.
oh. thats different frm when I did it].
how.
after exams I submitted my marks.
like the transcript or self report?.
Self.
hmm. il check to see if I can now. .
Weird.
March 1st and may 2.
must have changed it.
did u have mr cook for any subject.
ya math.
what year.
10th. y.
mom and an were figuring out what teachers had Chris u and I. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiAUIM8cw2I&feature=youtu.be. .
Ahahah. Ol dopey Dunfield. I hear they have to replace the foundation of the caf every time he runs in there..
hahahahahahha.
Have u heard back from mcgill yet?.
no I haven't submitted my mid term marks yet.
Why not?.
we haven't got report cards yet.
If i were u i wouldnt wait. u can submit the marks u have now.
I don't have any marks.
u have been in ur term for 2 months.
yeah ?. I don't know my overall mark in each class though.
u have to ask the teachers. Just tell then that u want to check u mark. they will do it if you say that u need it for university.
report cards are on wednesday. and minerva is down anyway. so il just do it then.
its back up now. but yea thats fine then.
the deadline isn't until may 5 or something anyway.
yea, i wouldnt wait until then.
why not. im going to report them on wednesday but why not.
Because the way it works is that they will do ur acceptance right away, ie, they dont wait for the deadline and then pick. So i think the later u apply the hard it becomes to get in.
oh. so when I submit them il hear back within a few days?.
No, not at all. here one second let me check how long it took for me to hear back. I cant see where i put my marks in.. *when. but it took a while. I think like two weeks or something. how are ur marks this semester?.
good. they are a lot better than lasts.
Like what.
93 calc, 98 family dynam, 97 psych, 96 bio 94 physics.
Nice!. Yea, U can submit those marks if u want to now. They cant check ur mark.
yeah but they;re not official.
untill the end of the semester.
i need to wait until the report card.
They dont have to be. No. They dont ask for it. Some schools dont have midterm report cards. u can just submit.
the marks i submit now are going to be different than the final because of exams and stuff.
yea, exactly. You submit them now and then send new ones in at the end of the semester.
so i don;t need to send a transcript with the midterm?.
nope. Atleast I didnt when I applied. It is only at the end of the semester that you have to.
then people could apply and say they have a 99 average and then finish the year with an 80 averge. average *.
Yea i know. Yea. So it doesnt matter how accurate your midterm marks are. Dont worry if u say they are higher than they are. . .
yeah but if i say they're higher then they are and get accepted and they drop then they will revoke the acception.
its has to go down a lot.
like how much?.
like mine dropped by 8%. or more.
what was it when you applied?.
i dont remeber 92 or 95.
dan. what exact message came up on minerva when you got accepted>. did it just say accepted or did it say something else?.
Idk what did they say 2 you?.
admitted pending final results.
!!!!.
yeah.
You got in!!!.
yeah.
Nice!!!!!. Congratz!!!.
I figured it out I just have to send the transcript at the end of the year. thanks.
Yea! Thats sweet. When did u open it?.
about 10 mins ago.
Nice. Have u told mom and dad yet?.
yeah.
NIce. Haave you told chris?.
yeah I just texted him.
cool. Well now you need to find out what courses to take.
yeah mom says I do that near exams. also she wants to know when your last exam is.
Yeah. I finish on the 28th.. https://www.mcgill.ca/science/student/newstudents/u0/bascfreshman/requirements. Here are ur freshman requirments. https://vsb.mcgill.ca/. Use VSB to build ur schedule.. That first mcgill link is wrong. one sec. https://www.mcgill.ca/science/student/newstudents/u0/bscfreshman/requirements. . Take Phsyic 101 first semester with me!.
yeah i probably will.
Do it. I need a lab partner.
yeah i will. is the physics course your taking phys 101 or phys 131?.
101.
hahahhaha.
what?.
i thought it was 131. the 101 course is just introductory.
YEa, i know.
like it suggests you take it if you majoring in biologu.
one sec. 131 is the same course but it uses calculus.
are you sure?. the descriptions are different.
Yea, its just harder. What one do u want to do/. ?.
idk. il probably decide later when im picking. im just browsing them for now.
yea every thing i am reading says that 131 is just more rigorous interms of math. I would rather take the easier one because I am taking just to fill a requirement and I dont really care about physics. I think u should only take 131 if you are confident in Calc.. What other classes are u looking at?.
yeah im probably going to take 131 because i need it if i want to major in physics or chem. but i can still take the other one. right now on the VSB i have phys 131, math 140, chem 110, and math 133.
Oh really. Yea u cant take 101 and 131, u have to take only one. If you are gonna take 131 then ill take it too. It should be pretty easy..
ok. the 101 course just sounds like the gr11 curriculum of physics.
Hahah, well you will see that things may sound easy here, but everyone is smart here so the test questions are just harder.. Send me a screen shot of ur shcedule.
of the courses or the actual schedule it generates?.
the actual schedule.
i still need to add one more course.
You should take a really easy class.. Taking 133 140 and 131 will be kind rough.
where can i find the easy electives?.
http://www.mcgill.ca/study/2016-2017/courses/chem-181.
thats winter 2017. also i found them. is psyc 100 easy?.
I dont think so. Maybe it is.. Chem 183. is easy. History of Math is easy.
shouldn't i take something other than a science/math for an easy course?. or am i allowed to if im in science?.
You can take anything.. Comp 202. Comp 102.
would it make sense choosing a intro history or psych class or something?.
Comp 189. History classes arent easy here.. If u want a high mark u are better off taking an easy science.
ok got it. so chem of drugs or comp 102?. which one easiest?.
Um. Chris took Chem 183 and got an A- so its probably pretty fucking easy..
hahahahaha.
Also u may want to consider not taking 133 till second semester.. Its a brutal class. U may like it tho.
can i take it second?.
Yea.
ok. i need it for chem and physics anyway so il just take it second. should i fill in that course with another easy one or another normal science. ?.
So right now u have 140 110 131 and 183.
yeah.
Oh take a Bio. u have to do that for Chem Major.
yeah. is bio 112 easy?. nvm. bio 112 is only winter.
So are u gonna take 111. There is no rush to do ur bio class first semester. if u would rather take 112 you would be better off taking it second semester.
i have to take 112 for chem. 111 is not listed there. i still need to pick one last course that won't be bio either way.
Take Comp 202. it is recommended for Chem Majors. and its pretty easy.
comp 202 does not look like an intro course. why not comp 102?.
102 is a dumb class for arts student. I took 202 first semester of first year.. Its easy.
yeah but i have no prior knowledge. and u did.
if u have taken Comp Sci 110 you will be able to do it no proble,. THey assume that u dont know anything about coding. Its an intro class.
is a 2 class. not 1. thats a red flag already.
hahaah. The number system is really arbitrary. I took 3 200 level courses my first semester..
doesn't that mean second year?.
i actually took 4 200 levels first semester. No. Thats not what it means. 100 and 200s are for first years 300s are for second years. Then the rest is for the last 2 years.
i see. alright here is my schedule: https://vsb.mcgill.ca/results.jsp?session_201609=1&code_number=&remove_course=&view_details=&course_0_0=MATH-140&sa_0_0=tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttty&dropdown_0_0=al&td_0_0_1=201609&course_1_0=PHYS-131&sa_1_0=ttttttttttttttm&dropdown_1_0=al&td_1_0_0=201609&course_2_0=CHEM-110&sa_2_0=ttttttttttttttttttttts&dropdown_2_0=al&td_2_0_0=201609&course_3_0=CHEM-183&sa_3_0=tm&dropdown_3_0=al&td_3_0_0=201609&course_4_0=COMP-202&sa_4_0=tttk&dropdown_4_0=ss&td_4_0_1=201609&cams=all&tip=1&pins=&sf=ffftimeinclass&bbs=&submit_action=search.
Nice fucking url hahaha.
lol. also. what is lec and tut. is lec just lecture>.
yea. tut is tutorial. Tut is just the TA for the class going over problems. Kind like a high school class..
oh ok.
Yea. Screen shot ur VSB. When u send the url it doesnt show when u picked the classes for.
https://gyazo.com/2e2cb0f7438757dbd11b0312c30c9395.
See the arrows at the top.
yeah i understand.
You can cycle through those.
i figured it out yesterday.
Why do u want 5 830 classes?.
i just screen shot the first one.
oh.
im not going to look throught yet.
yea.
through*. itll take ages.
Try not to take any 830 classes. Also if u click on the courses at a time u like it fixes it in place. with a red push pin.
yeah i saw that. would you not recommend taking any classes after 5 or so. because if i want to not take any early classes it puts all comp 202 lectures on mon wed and fri at 4:30\.
No taking late classes are fine. Its normal to have a class at 430 to 530. Its not considered late.
ok. https://gyazo.com/682c3ca9d42b0d657564593410e09cc9. does this look ok?.
There is a math 140 that is better. Also take Lab 006. Thats the one i am in.
how do i know what lab 006 is?.
What u mean. For 131 i mean.
yeah how do i know what lab im in?.
It says on the left. Right now u are in 005 for 131.
oh. i cant take lab 006.
y?. it fits.
well i can but if i do il have that 3 hour lab then a 3 hour lecture right after.
no no. 183 is a recorded course.. YOu watch the lectures anytime u want.
yes but i still have to go to it.
I have a class when u are taking that Lab..
which lab?.
The only time when me and u are both free is lab 006.
and lab 006 is only tuesday at 2:30?.
yea. lab are only every other week anyway.
ohh ok. thats not bad then.
http://codingcamp.ca/jobs-3/. Tell mom ill need picked up at 12 1130 ish..
she texted you.
Can u pick me up at 1130.
mom says that her or dad will pick you up in front of the snooty fox at 11:30 no later.
Okay sure. Ill be out front at 1130.
https://www.amazon.ca/Asus-X550ZA-RH10-CB-Laptop-A10-7400P-Windows/dp/B018UTBGGO/ref=sr_1_16?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1465063603&sr=1-16. https://www.amazon.ca/Acer-Ultrabook-S3-391-6046-i3-2367M-processor/dp/B00AH4A950/ref=sr_1_10?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1465063603&sr=1-10. https://www.amazon.ca/Acer-Aspire-E5-522-82CX-A8-7410-Windows/dp/B018SMVZRI/ref=sr_1_5?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1465063603&sr=1-5.
r u home. go get the one i made.
First page: titled "about me"Hello everyone! My name is David Lutes. I was born November 25th, 1998. I went on a village in 2010 to Germany, an interchange from 2012-2013 to Norway, and a step up in 2014 to the UK. I love hanging out with friends, playing table tennis, and traveling. I have two brothers, Daniel (20) and Chris (22). My favourite colour is blue and my favourite food is pasta with meat sauce. Second page: titled "where I live"I live in a small city of 65,000 people called Fredericton. Fredericton is the capital city of the province I live in called New Brunswick. New Brunswick is the only province in Canada that has English and French as its two official languages. put lines about fiddle heads and poutine..
What pic do u want on the front.
Hold on let me look. . im gonna send it over email because the fb quality is bad.
kk.
i sent it to danielplutes at gmail. nvm just use either. they are the same.
2 low rez. . There.
Perfect. Thanks.
np. If i send u money will u buy me some danish candy.
You need to send me Danish money and it will take a week to order that and a week to get here.
Does ur debit card not work?.
It works sometimes. It's not very reliable.
Does it work at atm's?.
Not sure.
When is ur next shopping day/dayout?.
Tmr. I'm going to bed.
Shit. Can i etransfer some money 2 u and buy me penguin stixs?.
E transfer?.
Yea.
I don't have a credit card.
Its debit.
That doesn't matter if my debit card only works some times.
Anyways buy me penguin sticks and ill pay 4 for them when u get back. Get me $20 worth.. Whats the name of that pulp fiction nock-off thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08j10rFrDzE.
lol thanks, did u do discover mcgill 2day?.
yeah.
how was it?.
good. good to meet some people in engineering who are actually good people and somewhat similar.
ahah, yea, do u hvae ur frosh group now?.
yeah discover mcgill was done in the frosh groups. can you send me the download?. ??.
http://faculty.ccri.edu/joallen/M2990/University%20Physics%20with%20Modern%20Physics,%2013th%20Edition.pdf.
Thanks.
. Solve this shit for me. also did my solution work for ur cappa.
u forgot to make g negative, but i caught it and changed it and it was right. also, f, f,t,f. that is what I think. If you've tried  F,F,F,F and it was wrong then its 100% F,F,T,F. im sure about 1,2, and 4 but 3 not so much.
Yea I had a f f f f try,. we will see..
also make sure to read the lab manual because we have 45 mins to do 4 experiments + a lab report so we have to know what we're doing.
Do we have to do it during lab time?.
yeah. you have to submit it before 3 hours.
thats fucking dumb.
i know. thats why we have to be quick with the experiments. was the answer correct?.
eyyyy. yea it was. Thanks.
hahano. np*.
have you done the horse one yet?.
yep.
is it hard?.
ive finished all it. not that bad.
kk.
u could probably figure it out by next class.
what was ur answer from 9b.
what q is 9b?.
time of bullet.
oh. i did d=vit+1/2at^2. but d=length of wood+length of bullet. solve for t using quadratic formula.
oh lol. i forgot the bullet.
lol. You coming?. https://gyazo.com/8cd64dd3072b85c5bc03bd6dea82d143. couldn't have said it better myself.
ahahahaha. What the fuck.. did she make that?.
lol no it was generated.
. Can u solve this for me. I can't get it. ?. hello.
Yeah I'm at a Rez workshop or something. It's ending in a min.
Kk.
3.80e-4.
u sure?.
yep. tried it 2 ways.
kk ill trust u.
its either that or 3.75e-4.
Well what is it?.
it depends.
I only have one try left.
im using the acceleration from the question above. if u give me the exact accel it will be more accurate.
How can there a difference of 0.05.
because the accel is only 3 sig figs. just give me a min im recalculating.
kk.
yeah its still 3.80e-4.
it was 3.75. but it was marked right.
are u kidding. oh. hmm. interesting.
u up?. I have capa questions.
Ye.
. What format did u use for the answser.
Hahahaha he talked about notation of degrees in class. It's deg. No symbol.
kk. but what was ur value.
For my question?.
ye.
The #'s are different but mine was 158.
to get that did you just use tan^-1. on the legs of the triangle you used to solve for the hypot. . Also what the fuck is this question about!?.
Hold on I'm walking back to my dorm. hahaha. ok. for q7. y=sqrt(16.4x),  d (vertical distance, so esstially y) =-4.9t^2,   so sqrt(16.4x)=-4.9t^2,   x=10.7t    so you're left with sqrt(16.4(10.7t))=-4.9t^2 solve for t.
kk thanks. I dont get the degrees thing.
did u try deg?.
yea.
and it was incorrect?.
yea. one sec. ill give you my x y values. x = -176.45. y = 75.22.
ok so. try tan-1(176.45/75.22) then subtract your answer from 180. nope. its tan-1(75.22/176.45). and that should give u the angle.
what about the negative?.
doesn't matter.
u sure?.
yep.
i get 23deg. but that doesnt make sense.
u have to do 180-23.
Christ, I was doing -360 not 180. kk its right. what did we do in class today?. I was at the Career fair. its for engineers too. you should go tmr. its for eng too.
lol i know i was going to go this morning but i had so much to do. il go tmr. and u know the event is called McGill Engineering TechFair lol\. we just stared dynamics and did newtons 3 laws.
Okay. The tech fair is formal. or business casual. How does problem 2 work.. also can u take pic of ur work for Problem 4.
For a) it's just the x distance from the origin (an estimate) and b) is finding the angle once u have the x and y velocities using tan. And I don't have the work from 4 but I can show u on Wednesday or whenever.
come over tmr afternoon?.
Yeah sure. I have a class that ends at 1.
sweet come over then.
Mk.
Let me know if u get 6 or 9 done..
Got 6 and 9. Just not. Now*. Did you get 5 ?. The last part of c. ???.
https://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20141001162006AAFGOV4. follow the steps.
did u get 9 or 6. because they take like 5 mins.
naw its fine.
haha alright your loss.
shit. nvm. i thought it was closed. how do u do them?.
itll take me too long to explain. if u give me ur password il do them. but otherwise itll take too long to tell u.
. .
question 9 is 14.27 rad/s.
right.
q6 is 0.228.
yup it right thankks!!!\\.
np.
Come over 2 my place b4 the lab..
Mk. What tine. Time.
2ish.
K. I'm coming now.
kk. wtf is up with question 1 on cappa???.
do a=F/m for mass two (the force is just mg), then do F=ma for the whole system using the acceleration you found.
Ill pay u to do my cappa.
How much. Nvm I don't have time.
Plz. I literally cant do it i have 2 train for my competition..
i can't.
Y not??. Sos plz help. My password is whynot. actually its whynot12. login is daniel.lutes@mail.mcgill.ca. ill give u 2 dollars for every question u get right.
2:50 and you have a deal. 2.50*. Nvm just realiZed it closed.
Fucking prick.
don't try to blame this on me. i have 2 midterms ive had to study for while simultaneously being sick.
Clearly could have done if u were bargaining.
yes at a certain point the money is more valuable.
?? Does 50 cents matter that muc. Much?.
point is this isn't my fault. i went to bed early and woke up late.
Yea no shit.
i wouldnt have been able to do it anyway.
When is the midterm?.
6pm.
Do we have class.
Yeah.
Yoooo. Where are u?.
Class. Just finished. Why.
When are going to the midterm.
I'm headed to leacock now.
kk, imma go over in a bit. ill text u when im there.
K.
Also. do u have a mechanical pencil?.
No I only have one. Actually no I have 2.
Where r u.
Towards arts building. At the connection stair case.
U done cappa. I cant get 1 and 9.
I did 1. Have you done everything but 1 and 9?.
Yea.. Pretty easy otherwise.
jeez.
ahah are u done it?.
I've done 1-3 and 5.
Wow, get going.. What did we do in class?.
i know how to do 9 tho. stuff on momentum.
Okay, I think I am going to teach my self the class. Those lectures are a waste of time. When is our next lab?. Also I need 2 borrow ur suit for this Friday when I go to Toronto.
tmr. how did you do question 4 & 6.
https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20141012013735AADP8ci. We have a lab trm. tmr?. 6 just use the formula.
yeah tmr.
Fuck.. Okay, we are gonna have to do it quick.
why?. what do you have after ?.
I have a day long midterm thing for Calc 3. Can u bring me ur suit. trm. tmr b4 the lab.
Yeah w. How long can you spend in the lab Tmr.
The whole time. also can u bring ur shoes.
How do you not have a suit or dress shoes?.
I left them in Fredericton.
I c. Just remind me Tmr. Or else I'll forget.
Okay, when are u walking down?.
1.
Okay. Try to remember. I may forgot. How do u solve question 1 on Cappa btw.
which one is that.
Spring on an incline.
ohh. ill explain tmr.
kk.
that one takes a while.
come over 2 my place b4 the lab. When Can you come over?.
130.
kk.
i have class til 1 then i need to go back and get the shit\.
You can drop it off b4 the class.
yeah but i have an class before that until 10 at the same place and its at mcmed so i dont want to walk down then all the way back up.
Oh fair. yea.
what is the formula u used for number 6.
F = mv^2/2. or something like that.
mv^2/r?.
or something.
k.
Dont forget the suit and shoes. U do fucking cappa. How long did it take you?.
3 hours. Still not done.
Ill pay u to do mine.
Lol. How much?.
10?. I only have 7.
Haha no way.
How much?.
20.
15 is fair. Thats 2$ per question  plus a 1 dollar tip.
Lol. Fine. No guarantees I'll get q9 but if I don't I'm still getting 13.
Sure deal..
K send pics of th question. S.
Log into my account. whynot12. daniel.lutes@mail.mcgill.ca. 260609221.
thanks can i have your SIN now that were at it?.
Hahaha fuck off.
Done. Bring $15 to next lab.
Ahaha. Thanks. Do u have class tmr afternoon.. I havent seen u in a week..
My last one is physics.
Okay. Come over after that class or something. Play some league w/ me and Josh.
Ok il come around 2.
How do you questions 5, 8, 9.
.
Ahhahaha. This is so specific.
Hahaha I know. Idk how to do 5,8, or 9.
Wtf. I knw u did them.
I forget. Wait. Are u home. Rn?.
yea.
I was on Milton and I could have came to help but I'm at the top of university now.
haaha. fuck man. just solve them 4 me. or explain how to solve them. I cant do them.
5 i looked up. 8 use PE=KE. and 9 use w^2r=GM/r^2.
kk thx.
np.
wait. how do solve 9?.
w^2r=Gm/r^2. u have m and r. solve for w.
whoops i mean 8.
I tried it. And I don't know how I did it.
U done cappa 9?.
yeah.
All of it??.
yes.
U home?.
no. at schulich.
What is the loud floor in schulic?.
5.
Wanna meet there in a few mins. I am eating at a place near a&w.
sure but i can't for long i need to study lin alg.
Do u have a quiz?.
no just haven't been paying attention in past 3 lectures.
Kk. What floor u on now?.
4. are u at 5?.
Want anything at tims?.
sesame bagel toasted w/creamchase. cream chees. pls.
Kk. Should i ask georgia or liam for the creamchase.
hahahaha.
Kk go 2 5. Helllo. Where r u.
Here.
Where.
At door. Near elevator. ???.
yo. I figured out how to get to doccum. for phys 131. i think regan took it down. but i figured a way around it.
How. Also I think it's back up.
if u finish my capa ill tell u.
Lmao. No. Docuum is up.
try 2 go to phys 131\. it doesnt work. ???.
It was working this afternoon. It's only a heavy load message.
naw. it got taken down its a 500.
Yeah it was doing that before.
take the risk. prof do this alot. when they take down the docuum page b4 the exam.
they cant do that.
hahah.
mcgill doesnt own doccum.
why not?.
they dont have the ability to take down the doccuments.
who do u think owns the docuum server.
no clue. theres more than just mcgill documents so. maybe york/. u of t?. who knows.
no. mcgill owns it.
that makes 0 sense.
and expanded its service to other uni's.
hahaha.
explain to me why 131 page is down. the 101 page is also down.
the whole website is down.
. . How do u solve theses.
112/14.
for what one?.
5. 2. use formula.
what formula.
i dont remember it was something we learned in class. t=2pisqrt(m/k). solve for 5. t*. then use t=2pisqrt(L/g) solve for L using t u just got.
k isnt given.
nvm. answer is length. 45m.
45 m is the answer.
i know. it is.
lol. I done cappa for ever.. how was ur dinner 2nite?.
good?. why?.
ahaahhahaahahaha. chill. I was just wondering.
????. thats a bit of an odd question.
hahahah. wasn't it the RVC special dinner?. ahahahahahah.
ohhh. lol. yeah it was last night.
I wasnt asking about some random dinner.
and it was nice. well. thats what i thought u meant.
what food did they serve.
Prime rib, veggies potatoes, salad, soup, this salsa nachos appetizer, a drink, and then cake, fondue and a bunch of shelia style desserts. All for 11.99.
ahah. damn thats pretty dope actually.
Yeah it was pretty good.
R u in rez rn?. Nvm.
Why.
I was nearby. Have u wrote an exam yet.
Not yet. One Tmr. Have you?.
Naw. Not till the 15th. What do u write.
Geez you're lucky. Calc Tmr and kelome the next day.
Lol. Yea. I but i have 3 exams within 36 hours on the 19th and 20th.. R u ready for calc.
Shut. Shit*. Too bad they're not all in 24 hours. And not yet. I started studying today.
Hahahaha shit. Y didn't u dtudy yesterday.
Been studying for algebra since Thursday.
Yea thats fair. Lin alg exam is fucked every year..
Yeah well see.
Did we do torque in Physics?.
Yes.
Wanna study tmr?.
Possibly. Depends what time and how productive you are.
ahahah, when are u free?.
2.
this is ur last one right?.
Yeah.
okay. Lets study at 2. at trot?.
Sounds good. running late be there at 2:30.
yea kk. stop over at my place.
k. Where are you. what time is your exam tmr?.
9 and 6 y.
curious. have you thought of something you want ?.
im still thinking. ill get back to you after my exams.
ok. what time we leaving wednesday.
When do you want to?.
as early as possible.
ahahah chill.
i would like to be leaving the city around 8.
we are getting breakfast first at Bagels Ect. so thats not gonna happen....
at what time.
im not sure. prob like 9. and then leave frm there.
k.
Hey we are going 2 a movie at 615. Do you want to come?.
What movie?. And where.
Cinema du parc and Manchester b.
I won't be able to make it in time. I'm out eating supper. Does chris leave tomorrow?.
hows the apartment hunt going?.
Good. Seen 2 places so far.
Still the same as before? What are the names of the ppl u are living with.
no the 2nd place was on aylmer. and robert, liam, jayson. why.
How was the place aylmer.
it was good. living room was big. kitchen was a little small.
what was the rent.
600. per person.
nice, not bad. Where on aylmer is it?.
3541.
Nice, thats like 2 down the street from me.. Are u guys gonna take it?.
we still have 2 more places to look at at least so not sure.
sent u the invite for the career fair. You should go.
Mhm.
wait nvm. it says Material Engineers need not apply. sorry look like ur gonna be unemployed....
Lmao.
wanna get lunch tmr?.
Sure what time.
like 12? when u have classes?.
Until 11:30 and then one at 1:35 so 12 is good.
kk where do u want 2 meet?. // eat.
dm to me. vua or rvc are good.
kk lets do RVC. where is ur 1130 class at?.
leacock.
kk ill meet u in the lobby of leacock at 1130 then. I have a class in strathcona that finishes at 1130.
ok.
Lunch tmr?.
Can't. Have a Chen lab. Tuesday?.
Sure. when?.
Actually if we ate tues/thurs it would have to be early because I have class at 1 so Friday?.
yea sure.
Ok 12 good,. ?.
1230?.
Yeah sure.
Still down  for lunch tmr. 123.
Ye.
Where u wanna meet?. Also let meet up at 1 i just woke up.
I got class at 1:30.
Lets do it tmr then?.
k.
1230 at rvc.
12:45.
kk.
https://youtu.be/kIAvaw0TFBQ.
ahahahahah. .
Lol.
Lunch tmr?.
Got a midterm and a lab so. Tuesday?.
yea sure thing.
12 tmr?.
yea sure. meet where?.
Front door. Rvc.
what is the front door?.
The main door. Not the caf entrance.
okay sounds good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FFq6bblau0.
ahahahahahahahhahaahahahaahah. lunch tmr?.
what time?.
1ish.
have class at 1:30.
Wanna get dinner then?.
ye sure. what time.
530?.
Sure.
Where do u want to meet?.
Rvc?. I assume we're eating in rvc.
Where do you wanna eat?.
Doesn't matter to me.
Kk. Keys just eat at rvc then. Lets*.
Ok. Just come to main entrance at 5:30.
Kk.
Do you just want to come now?. I haven't eaten all day.
Ye sure. Omy.
Ok. Are you coming?.
Im out front. yo send that link.
https://horizon.mcgill.ca/pban1/bwckgens.p_proc_term_date?p_calling_proc=bwckschd.p_disp_dyn_sched&search_mode_in=&p_term=201709.
Lunch tmr?.
i have class at 1 tmr in mcmed so depends if you're willing to get up before 11.
Lunch at 1130?.
yeah that works.
Kk. yo. do u still want free spotify. I forgot u asked for it.
Yes that would be good. I signed up for it.
kk. https://www.spotify.com/uk/family/redeem/?token=SPFTX62DsmqLy. use 75 coburn dr as ur address.
I'm not sure if it worked.
yea, it did. I can see you on the account now.
Ok cool.
Are u in res rn?.
Yeah why.
/ can i borrow ur suit.
Hahahah funny you say that. I need it tonight. There's a formal.
oh really lol okay.
How many exams do you have left?.
Zero wbu?.
Just one more tmr. Can I move some stuff to your apt tmr?.
Yea. Sure what stuff?.
Just like a box of stuff that there's not point in taking back. ie textbooks, winter coat, lab stuff etc..
Ye sure.. When?.
3pm?.
I wont be home then.. 6?.
Ok that works.
U good w/ Indian tonight?.
Ye sounds good.
Kk do. Dope.
What's the name.
Bombay mahal. Come over 2 my place..
Now?. Is momthere?.
She prob be here in 15.
Is she in mtl?.
Ye i think so.
Alright I'm coming now.
U at home?.
No. In class until 5:39. 30.
kk me too. where. Im gonna be walking past ur place around then.
Sherbrooke 688. I should be there.
kk sg. ill be over at like 630 actually. Yo done midterms yet?.
Yeah. Finished this morning. Starting back up in 2  weeks tho.
Oh nice. How did they go?. ahahah oh shit.
Ah ok, I ran out of time in one but. How’s yours?.
pretty decent so far, but the hard one is on the 9th. Its that grad school class on Language processing. Wanna get lunch tmr?.
Yeah what time.
1230 or 1. I dont have class tmr so its up to you.
Ok my class ends at 11:30 so 12:30 is good.
kk. Ill just come over to ur place and then go.
Absolutely!. I'll see if Georgia will join me.
Thank you soooo much Ben!. Hey Ben. It starts at 4:30, not 5. Whhooops.
Ok, no problem!.
Hey ben.
Hey Daniel! Once again, I am SO sorry I forgot about bingo! If you ever need to call me you can call my cell at 471-1090.
No problem! Just try to get there right away. Shawn is waiting for you..
Yeah we're on the westmorland right now. What time does it go to?.
800 or 830.  It changes from night to night..
hi child slave/child labourer.
Sweet!!.
One of the CEOs of Invisible Children answers about there charity- it doesn't really answers the questions about legitimacy their mission however.  It does make me trust the organization a bit more though.
ahah thats a start.. whats the  break down on the test for tmr?.
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4771881172425&set=a.4100486307973.2169344.1157394686&type=1&theater.
sweet!.
.
Thanks.
can you send a picture of the lab sheet?  i dont currently have one.
Kk sec. .
Hey just want to say that you did a great job with your article, its been especially hard nowadays to piece everything from council together.
Thanks man! Sara and Holly helped out a lot so that made my life easier..
We're doing an article on the McGill password changing, was there anyone in McGill's IT that was specifically helpful that you think we should contact?.
The people who I spoke to would be an entirely different group of people than the people you will have to talk to likely. I suspect that you have to talk to the system administrator(s)..
How did you get their contact infos to begin with?.
I talked to doug.
Asleep. Ok Facebook deleted my past messages but I keep seeing you everywhere and I'm sorry it looks like I don't recognize you but I'm constantly about to fall asleep so I'm too tired to recognize you until afterwards.
Ahahah. Yeah. When I said hi you looked really confused..
Hey.
 No, it would be easy! I also I think that we should..
Ok amazing!! Is it something we should work on over the summer or wait til sept?.
i mean it will take like 20 mins, just let me know where on the page it should be, and how u want it too look/what it should say..
Ok! Will do. I'll ask nick. Ok noah says he will make sure it's included in the new mock up of the home page!. So I guess I will take my hands off the wheel and let u two brainstorm something design wise!.
Okay, sounds good.
hi! i sent a slack message to you and parth a few days about special formatting for an SL piece, just wanted to follow up and see if it's possible to do some sort of calendar formatting online?. the article is a list of things to do in mtl so calendar format would be pertinent.
okay, yea we can do that. When do you have to put it out by?.
like end of week? theres no real deadline but somewhere around there.
Yea, sure. If u could find an example online that would be good..
ok great looking now!. ty daniel!!. ok so the Link does a calendar every issue, online it looks like this https://thelinknewspaper.ca/calendar. (thats more like a list than a calendar) (but might be the only thing thats feasible). but in print it looks like this. https://thelinknewspaper.ca/back-issues/read/volume-37-issue-27. if you go like 5 pages in. its on a purple page that says Link Calendar of events.
Okay, what kind of functionality do you want?. Like should anything happen when u click an event?.
ok i am actually reading the article now and realizing a calendar will NOT work. my bad. lolz!. but. it is a list. maybe we can do something special w list formatting. sorry. lol.
lol, that was easy..
problem solved!. Does Wordpress still allow meta sliders??. I'm trying to make one for a piece now and having trouble.
i took meta silders down cuz i was testing something. one sec.
Ah ok great!!. Ty!!.
is it working?.
Lemme try. Yes it is!! Thank you so much.
np!.
im doing an article on the new mycourses interface, do you perchance know any cs people who are really into talking about interfaces who could give me a quote w their thoughts on it. a non trib person.
lol uhh, naw, off the top of my head I can't think on anyone who is really into interfaces. We don't really learn abt layout in CS..
Hey.
 . Hey are you free tmr afternoon at 3 for the interview, we can just do it on FB..
. Works for me.
Great, talk to you then!. Hey ready to start?.
sorry, running a bit late, should be ready in a few minutes.
Okay, no problem!.
Ok, ready to go.
Great, okay just to start, What is your major, and what year are you, (ie U0, U1, U2 U3).
I'm in Software Engineering and U3.
Okay, so can you just tell me about the extension you. Just describe its functionality.
Basically it adds a bunch of features to the mcgill site that I though would improve how easily students are find what they want. When you are on the overview page for a course, it let's you jump to a different year's version of the page, access the VSB listings for that course, the Minerva registration page for that course or access mercury evaluations for an instructor as well as a lot of other things..
Cool, (I love the extension btw, started using it fall semester of 2016). How long did it take you to develop? and are you still putting out updates?.
Thanks! It's been an ongoing project over the past two years and I'm still updating it and adding functionality!.
So roughly how many hours have you put into the project thus far?.
Haha, difficult to determine at this point but I'd say at least a couple of hundred hours. When I started it I had almost no web development experience but I really wanted to fix some of the things that frustrated me about the site. It's been a great learning experience..
Thats a great segway into my next question. I know you mentioned wanting to practice your web dev skills, but what was it specifically about the website(s) that you found hard to use/frustrating?.
What biggest thing that frustrated me was searching google for a course and ending up on a course overview page but from a previous year. The McGill site would have a message that showed I was on a previous year and the options it provided were either to click a link that brings you to the home page of the current year or edit the year in the url yourself to get to the current year's version of the course page. I realized that instead of editing the url myself everytime, I could write a script that does that for you.. Generally the McGill site isn't terrible but I think there are some issues with how easy it is to navigate through the site (the fact that it's a large site and the UI isn't always consistent makes this worse) as well as how well McGill integrates their different systems..
I am hearing that same complaints from a lot of students, its cool that you did something about it! Do you know how many people have downloaded your extension? (Also is it available for browsers other than Chrome?).
Right now there are over 900 people using the chrome extension and I've ported it to firefox but haven't published it for that browser yet (Coming soon though!). And yeah, the silver lining is that problems motivate people to solve them. I think VSB itself was originally a student run project and I know of other McGill students who have developed tools to improve things (Zafarali Ahmed's Minerva Bot is a very cool example).
Yea, the minerva bot is cool as hell! Do you think there are any negative effects on McGill having a web infrastructure like this? In terms of the image McGill puts out into the world, or other concerns?.
I'm not sure how much it affect's McGill's image since a lot of the issues might not necessarily be apparent to people who aren't interacting with on a daily basis and I'm sure there are plenty of Universities that are much further behind. For me, he larger issue seems to be how it affects students. When you want to register for course, you shouldn't have to look up course info on the overview page then navigate through Minerva to search for mercury evaluations then go to VSB for schedules and then go back to Minerva and navigate to the registration menu to submit course codes. Being able to jump straight from a course overview page to the registration page or mercury evaluations for that course or being able to register straight from VSB without copying and pasting crn codes makes the process a lot smoother and that's what I tried to accomplish with my extension..
Very true! Alright those are all the questions I have you. Thanks for taking time to speak with me Demetrios! I will send you a link the to the article when it is published..
No problem, I appreciate it!.
One last thing, do you think that Zafarali Ahmed would also be interested in an interview?.
Probably! Definitely ask him, is think his input would be really valuable!.
Okay, great! Thanks again!. Hey, here is the article, http://www.mcgilltribune.com/dead-links/Hope you get some more users as a result!.
Hey.
 sent. hey Grace here is the JB Canada invioce, it is already overdue so we should pay quick..
I can't promise that it'll be done before exams but I will do it as soon as I can!.
k, Yeah, Just try to do it like right after exams becuase we have to pay a late fee if we dont pay soon..
Hey I have to pay the JB dues so could would you be able to meet tomorrow to sign the cheque? The signing officers have officially been changed yet that's why I'm asking :).
Wait what? Are they changed or not?.
I sent in all the information last week and the lady hasnt officially arranged for that to happeb.
Okay, so can we meet at school or something?.
Yes. I'll come to your homeroom. Hey are you free tomorrow?.
I have grad rehearsal. Why?.
Well, the JB needs to write a cheque an you are still on the account as a signing officer.  The reason we need you to sign is because our JB liason has not gone to the bank to finalize the changes yet. THe cheque is going towards delegation merch and we need to pick it up either today or tomorrow. Would you be able to meet me somewhere later today to sign the cheque?. (sorry for the inconvenience).
Its okay! I can this afternoon. Where and when?.
Which location is best FHS or downtown.
We can meet at FHS.
what time will you be here?. we are here for the teacher bbq.
How much longer are you there for?. Hey im on my way.  Bw there in 3 minz.
Thanks.
Haha no problem!!!. hey grace do you have a digital copy of the JB finances?.
I have a physical copy that i can type up.
Thats okay. I was just wondering how much we have paid in the past for kinsmen center and thhe church downtown.
Kinsmen is free because of bingo and the church was 300 or something.
I know kinsmen is usually free but can u see if we have paid for it in the past. And if so how much..
The church was $350.00 and i have no record pf paying for the kinsmen centre.
Okay. Thanks!.
Has anyone booked GHLC.
Angela has to sign the form and send it back to me then ill send it in!. Have you guys spoken with Halifax and maine yet?.
Not yet, but ilk message nash tonight.
Hey Grace, Can you do Bingo on the 17th at 5:00? (please?) haha.
Hey Daniel! I'm sorry I missed your message, I've been camping for 2 weeks!. I hope someone was able to cover bingo!. I was wondering what had happened to the rental agreement.
I sent it in and the guy was just like "thanks" lol.
haha awesome! we're meeting on wednesday so I can bring it up!. So just to be sure, you booked the Kinsmen centre for the 26th and GHLC for the 26th-28th? Correct.
I have not booked the kinsmen, ( I didnt know you wanted both) Ill try to book it now!.
Thats ok. Thanks!. Hey! Do you know what time we had GHLC booked?.
Like the date or the time of day?.
Time of day.
5pmm!!.
On friday? Ok.
YEa!.
sup master.
Hey Aidan,does want to Tortue preform at Yellow and Black>?.
sure. :p. when is it?. seshu just sent me teh dates for auditions.
lol.
sweet. where do we sign up?.
You just did ;) <3.
sweet niblits. lol ima just see if connor is working or not.
What is his job?.
cashier at the CO-OP. :P.
Thats a dope gig..
yea he likes it he says. by the way how long does the set have to be?.
7 or 8 minutes.
kk. gon have to make some new songs. :p;. :p. when do auditions start on Thursday for Yellow and Black thinking of auditioning and playing coffee house all in one day kill two birds wit hone stone..
We will have a list tomorrow to sign up for auditions and they go until 5.
SRC office?.
Yes, also there will be a short meeting tmr for sighing up for time slots.
time?.
There will be an announcement tmr, i am not sure yet..
Hey! Yesterday you said you were going back to mtl Sunday, and I assumed you guys were flying, but any chance you're driving?.
Hey, yea, we are driving, but my bother is moving 2 Ottawa, so the car is full of his shit so there is no room :( Sorry!.
whats up daniel,i got facebook[just whated to tellyou that for some reason]j-dog over and out. hi.
hay man.
nice pics,now i have one to put profile. check out this vid D.HE sent me.
what the hell>?/?. no proplem.
op[s, wrong video. go to my wall and the video D.HE sent me its funny. got my profile picture up(i think I look pretty good)and also go on you tube and search Justin Bieber one time parady.
Haha okay. Haha I saw it so funny!!. Haha.
Hey.
 are u jealous? http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3932284019874&set=a.3931523200854.2146299.1062962746&type=3&theater.
shhh! i'm in the next one!. oh, Janis... miss him so much. so many great moments!.
But he liked me better!.
yeah sure... you wish!.
he told me.... when u werent around....
hahahaha. bitch! he told me the same!.
so whats up?>.
hmmm, not much. what about you?. how's the rest of your vacations?.
brazilian soap operas....
hahahahahaha. i miss it today!!. missed.
Are they on every day?.
except for sundays, i guess.
Wow so lucky....
uhum!. are you watching the olypic games?. olympic.
yes, today canada's soccer team beat france... are u watching them.
yees, everytime i can. and i'm cheering so bad! hahaha. sunday we have the final against mexico... poor them.
hahah. When do they end?.
sunday, i guess.
do u have school tmr?.
yees. fuck. i know, i know i should be sleeping.
Ur such a rebel..
i knooow, right?. and, i also have a test tomorrow. haha, but it doesn't count a lot. and already kind of study.
what is the test on?.
what is it about?.
yes.
math, biology and geography. but it's like 5 tests of each. like multiple choice.
Good luck. You will need it....
oh, thank you for trust in me. bitch, i don't need luck!. hahaha.. yeah. i wish i didn't.
who are u calling a bitch....
oh, who else?. sooo, what else have you been doing in your holidays?. have you already gone to that camp?.
I havent gone yet.. and I messed up my sleep pattern so now i stay up untill 8 am and sleep till 6 pm..
hahaha. 8 am? omg!. i usually do it on holidays but not until that hour. you miss the whole day!.
haha but u miss the whole night....
oh, and what's so intresting about the night, hum? hahaha.
I get to see the sun rise... thats it....
oh, so poetic!. i think i prefer the sunset.... unless when i'm on the beach.
ha yeah, I go down to the river and watch it, its cool :).
river?. and they say that brazilians are the ones living in the jungle....
ahaahaha what.. all of our cities are on rivers!.
really?. but a river where it's like.. pleasent to walk by and see the sun rises. ?.
ahah, yes. ill take a picture in the morning...
yeees! do it!.
i will..
wait, i'm gonna send you one of the sunset from my apartment.
aha okay :).
. there you goo. enjoy it while i'm going to sleep!. haha, it's so late! look what you do to me!.
haha Good night :).
good night!.
Miss you :).
Miss you too! A lot!. i think you owe me a of the sun rising, hum? i haveen't forgotten.
Neither have I, Its on its way, don't you worry:). It looks like Ago is in your class! http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=534158489931481&set=at.534154296598567.137216.100000120047507.100000247843781&type=1&theater.
hahaha. wheree?.
The guy on the far left!.
hahaha, the one with the red mask?. no waaay!. ago is so much cooler!.
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=362282200512061&set=t.1016477378&type=3&theater. They are the same!.
hahaha, fair enough!. and how're you doing? miss you, duude! hahaha.
haha, I have been okay. I have been really busy with my school work, but tomorrow we are having a mini camp so im Excited! What about you?.
oh really? my minicamp was last weekend and it was greaat.
How many people go to your minicamps?.
i finally saw manoela again! we hadn't see each other until then. i don't know.. 40 maybee. what about yours?.
Same amount. Thats crazy that you havent seen her when u live in the same city!.
i knoow!.
So have you seen Ze yet?.
but we don't study in the same school and we're both also really busy with school and stuff!. noo, not yet.
is he there?.
but we are already planning a dinner or something!. yees. he arrived last friday, i guess.
So how is your school going, have u figured out what you want to do yet?.
kind of... i mean, i've already signed up for architecture and i can't change it anymore, soo.... hahaha. but i think that's what i want, at least for now.
That must be scary, to make a choice now, that will affect the rest of your life?.
i knoowww. is so so so hard!. i'm such a baby! hahah, how can i choose!.
what do your parents do?.
my dad is an architect, hehe. and my mom works with education. what about yours?.
haha, so you should teach architecture haha! My parents are engineers but my dad is retired..
both of them?. so are you also gonna be an engineer?.
yes. And never, my dad doesnt want me to be and niether do i!.
hahaha. why not??.
I dont know, I dont know if he liked it very much... which is kinda sad....
yes it is.. ):. and what YOU want to do?. any clue?.
I have no idea, maybe chemistry, or econmics. I just want to travel..
yeees, me too. i come back from france wishing to go and live somewhere else, i don't know... just get out of here for while... and i will, someday. hahaha[. just don't know when and where.
I know what you mean! I am just scared that I will say I am going to travel, and then never get around to it, then when i am 70 wish i had....
hahaha. exactly!.
But I wont! so will go to university in your city?.
me neither! hahaha. yes, but they have a lot of exchange programss.
That is cool, when to you got to university?.
what do you mean? hehe.
Like next year or this year.
i hooope in the next year!. this year i'm doing the test to get into the university and, if i pass, i'd start next year. but it's actually really hard to pass... :((.
What percentage do you need?.
around 60/90 in the first test. and in the other i have no idea, but around that, i thinnk.
Hey have you ever seen this film?http://www.pbs.org/independentlens/waste-land/.
yees!. do you like it?.
Haha, yes! what did it take place in?.
near rio de janeiro. i gueess.. not sure.
So has anything exciting happened in your life recently?.
hahaha, nothing that comes to my mind right now. what about yours?. oh, actually!. cisv called me to be a jc in india! but i cannnn't go and it's killing me!.
Thats crazy! Why cant you go?!!.
i knooow, tell me about it. i can't go because of this fuuuucking university test. but actually, after refusing it, i started to regret it so so so bad. and now i'm here.. that's my story. hahaha.
Thats a very sad story :(.
isn't it?. but i will surviveee, right?. haha, i'm doing a seminnar selection (?) and that's my next goal, haha.
ahaha what is that?.
hahaha, that what?.
"seminar selection".
do you know seminar?. it's a cisv program!.
Oh seminar camp! haha, I though that you meant for school! haha. what what have you pciked?.
hahahaha. picked? for what?.
dont you have to pick what country you go to?.
oooh. you guys PICK the country?.
haha yes. you dont???.
hahaha, here it's like a war! we have much more people wanting to go than places in the programs!. so they do a selection process.
so do you think you will get to go?.
and they kind of choose who's going to go and where they're going to. hope soo!.
Where I am there are usually not enough kids to fill spots....
oh, i thinj that never happened in here. think. so did you actually picked to go to our youth meeting?.
haha, no we only pick for our seminars..
ooh, but what happens if more then one person want the same country?.
Then they take names from a hat..
haha, as simple as that?. i wish it was like this in here. we're in like 25 persons for.. i don't know... 15 places?.
Is it political there?.
political? what do you mean?.
Like kids have their parents help them get spots because they are on the adult board?.
aah. i really don't know. i hope they don't! haha.
haha, well i am sure you will get to go, how could they pass you up? eh.
<3. cheer for me!1. daaany, my love, i have to go because, even though i'm such a bad as (and you know it) i have school tomorrow (blergh). soo, i'm going to sleep and so should you!.
haha "blergh" i have never heard you make that sound in person (thank god) Good night :).
hahaha, and it's better to keep it like that!. have an amaaazing minicamp this weekend! and then you have to tell me how it went!. good night! miss you very very much!. look what a lovelly surprise i found! hahaha, i can't stand that much talent.... danieeel!!!!. fuck the draw, hahaha. they just called me from cisv and i'm doing a seminnar on canada!!!. yeeeeeey!!.
HAHA OMG thats amazing!!!  You will finally be able to visit the best country on earth(Because I live here)! Do you know when it is??? Also that drawing maybe the greatest I have ever seen!!!.
hahahaha. i know, i'm such an artist..... and it will be on july! 08 - 28. on london (?). aaand i don't fucking care how far it is from where you live, we'll have to find a way to see each other. but, just in case, haha, how far it is from you?.
AhHH it is like a 17 hour drive :'( But if there is a will there is a way!!! We will meet!.
ohhh, 17 hours? don't tell me something like thaaat!!. but that's ok, i don't care! we'll find a way!.
We will!  how is life?.
Better now with this seminar new! Hahaha, but it's not bad... I just realized that yesterday i did my last exam EVER in school. My school is over foreveeer, can you believe it? Thats craaaazy! I don't know if i'm happy or sad... And although the school is over i'll have to study like hell to tryyy to get into the fucking universityyy. Hahaha, pretty cool my life, huh? Please tell me your is better!.
Not much better, lots of studying. I  was just in Vancouver for the CISV national board meeting! and I saw Jared! It was weird, but cool :). But now i am home,,, :(.
Ohh, vancouver really? That's awesome! How was the meeting? And why was it weird to see jared? Hahaha. I talked to him and he said he might be a jc in july!.
The meeting were long. It was weird to see Jared because it seem sometimes like the CISV world and the Real World are two different places, so it was weird to see some one from the CISV world in the real world, but it was a good kind of weird..
Hahaha, got it! Soon we're having this njbt (is that the name?) thing, but i'm not even on jb.... Shame on me!.
Yea shame on you, how coold you not be on jb????.
i know.... how you still talk to me?.
Its tough, I will admit it... but some how I manage ;).
my parents say that all the time!. hey, have you whatched breaking dawn? hehehe. 'cause, just between us, it just got here now and I, as a legitim ex-twilight freak, really wanna watch it.......... hehe.
Yumy... How could you admit to liking such a horrible thing. If you are  an 'ex'-twilight freak why do you still want to see the movie!?.
hahahaha, i knew you're saying something like that. I don't really really wanna see it but at some point i will, and i bet you will too!. After, of course, finish reading 500 tons of grey......
500 ton of grey, isnt it 50 shades of grey??? haha.
I was testing youuu.
haha, really. So are you really reading it... because I thought that was a book for 50 year old women....
hahaha, nooo! i'm not reading this one, i swear!. not yet...... but i heard it's kind of erotic, haha, weeeird. but i'm not sure... rumors, rumors.
I heard that too... rurmorss... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5K1RcKJVbHA.
hahahahahahaha. hmmm, sexyyy. that voice, omgg.
If I were a girl id like a man like that!.
indeed.... it's hard to resist!.
So how was ur day?.
not bad, actually! tomorrow we have a holiday. republic day (?). what about yours?.
It is 12:01, Happy Republic day! And my day was fine, and I am getting my drivers licence in a week so I am kinda excited!.
whaaat? don't you feel like a baby driving? haha, i mean, everytime i think about me as driver i feel so small to be a driver, hahaha,.
HAHA, Feel like a baby? Me, no (I am kinda scared). And it makes sense for you to be scared, your part Asian so being a bad driver is in  your blood... ;).
hahaha, you know... we had to be bad at something..... but maybe i feel like a baby 'cause here we can only drive with 18, sooo, for me it's like an adult thing, haha.
18, you will feel like an old lady by then!!! So you are 18, can you drive??.
hahaha, i can take my licence, but i think i'll only do it by february, after holidays. 'cause you have to take a lot of classes and the do the practical exam......
Is driving suppose to be harder in brazil?!?! In canada we just read a little book and take a quiz..
really?? i bet you're the worst drivers!. i don't know why it's so hard in here. and, believe it or not, even though, there sooo many bad drivers!.
I think there are bad drivers in every country (there are asians in ever country)..
it doesn't makes sense!. ha ha ha ha. i didn't know asians were bad drivers!.
here http://keepingupwiththekims.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/asian-drivers3.png.
hahahahahahahaha. that's umbelievable!. hey, you said there it's like midnight?.
just like your spelling??? *Unbelievable.
bitttch, shut up!.
hah yeah its 1230. 1236.
how's that possibleee. here it's like 2:26.
We move our clocks an hour forward for the winter.
and just the other day the time was the same. ohh.
Ah winter... You should really experience a Canadian winter. It was snowing last week....
and we move it backward for the summer. really?. i think i only saw snow once!. hahaha. so beautiful!.
hah did you touch it or just see it?.
both!, haha. it was not once, actually, it was like a fez times in the same trip, but i was 9 or 10, i guess. few. in argentina. but i gotta say it was a little bit frustrating when i tried to do a snow man... it seems so easy.
ahah, Once at a mini camp there were these kids to had just imigrated from Bhutan and had never seen snow before. And when we were all there I started snowing... It was soo cute to see them see snow for the first time.
ounnn, i can imagine it!. hmmm, i might go to bed now. enjoy the snow for me! i mean it.
Sounds good, i have to start studying :'(.
:'(.
Sleep tight and  i miss you (just a little bit) :).
yeah sure.... you wish!. miss you too!. good study for you, you can do it! ;)  hahaha. dany paulutes! how you've been doing? merry christmas to yooou!!.
I have been good! We have 3 weeks off in school and my brother is home from university so I am happy!  What about you, how is the life of Yumy.. Oh and Merry Christmas :).
hahaha, i'm glad you're happy! well, well... my life is actually not bad in the moment.. i'm finally on vacations BUT that means i haven't passed in the one university i wanted the most, sooo i'm gonna study next year and give it another shot 'cause i don't want to go to the other universities i got into. i was sad but i got over it and now i'm gonna enjoy my vacations until the middle of february, iaaauuu!! on the 28th i'm going to the beach, let's pray for a good weather!!.
I am sorry to hear that you weren't accepted.(The university obviously doesn't know what they are doing if they didn't pick you ;P ) I hope you enjoy your "summer". Here in fredericton we are getting a storm on the 27, so hopefully it won't travel to Brazil in one day ;).
hahaha, i'm gonna trust you, enjoy your storm! and why my summer is "summer", huh? it's so so so hot in here, i'm getting crazyyy! and what about you, aren't you traveling to the new year's eve?.
I am going to see my family in another 'city', so I guess that is exciting... And your Summer is "Summer" because Brazil just wants to be different... for the real world it is winter!.
HÁ! so below the equator is not real world? very intresting, very intresting... i think someone is getting tired of snow and wanted to  be sunbathing over here with me.......
You saw riight through my lies... So much snow and so little sun. I need to get my tan on!.
hahaha, i'll take it for you, trust me!. i beeet you are one of those people who stay five minutes in the sun and already look like a pepper.
Funny you should say that, here is a picture of me on the beach..
Hahahahahahahaha. You're such a begginer!
If the rain over here alowed me, i'll show you how a real tan looks like.
I would like too see that...    You will be more red than me... Don't forget what happens when you drink beer!󾦃.
Ooohh, that was low!!! Haha, but i bet if you were here, you'd be even reder than me after some beers! Don't you underestimate a brazilian summer.....
I think i could handle a little rain and clouds... http://www.theweathernetwork.com/weather/brxx0232.
:( i can't see it 'cause i'm on my phone... Mimimi, i'll see it later! But, HEY, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! This year will be even better than last year but not as good as next year, hehe. How was your nightt?.
Haha, my night was good, every year my family celebrates with my other family so I couldn't go to any real party... :( But for what it was is was fun. What about you?.
Hahaha, but is good to celebrate with your family! Every year i say i'll go to the greatest party ever but no, haha, never happened. Hahaha, maybe this year, who knows... I spent the whole night on the beach with some friends and it was also funnn, but since then it's raining a lot.
Oh, I am so jealous... on the beach.So what are your big plans for your summer?.
Hmmm, a lot of plans but nothing really concrete. Hahaha... as always. But around the 20th i'll have my "graduation triap" hahaha, i don't know if you call it this way, hehe, but i'm exciteeed! What about you? Are you building snow men and doing snow balls wars? Hahaha.
Haha, I think that I will try to avoid the snow as much as possible, its not as magical as it use to be. Where is are you going for your graduation trip?.
Nooooo!!! How dare you say you're trying to avoid the snow?? Think of us, poor tropical country's who don't have snow since... EVER. Yeah.. Shame on you, Daniel Lutes...
And about my graduation trip, it will be to a city called florianópolis (google it!! :P) which is very beautiful, with a lot of beaches and parties and alcohol... Every teenager dream, huh? Well, not mine, buuut i can't say i hate the idea, hahaha.
"Every teenager's dream,huh? Well, not mine"... Noooo!!! How dare you say you want to avoid the beach?? Think of us, poor snow covered country's who don't have beaches since...EVER. Shame on you, Yumy Pompeia... Does that sound familiar? ahahaaahha.
Hahaha, fair enough. Enjoy the snow that i'll enjoy the beach. And you do have beaches, soooo your argument is invalid! (OUCH!) Hehe, just kiddinnng, <3.
oh how cute you can use words bigger than 6 letters. "invalid" "argument"... So impressed ;).
and you keep underestimating me... i can even  say words with 45 letters, ok? wanna see it? Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
Now remind me what that word means? (without google).
come on, the name is self-explanatory.... OF COURSE, it is a is a extremely rare disease that affects the lungs and is contracted by those who inhale a microscopic dust from volcanoes..
Oh, I knew that, I was just making sure that you did! ;) So have you been talking to anyone else from camp?.
hahaha, yeah, ok...and once in while i try to talk to everybody, but besides the brazilian ones and zé, i talk mostly with you and sometimes ari. what about you? don't you have whatsapp? we also have a group there!.
I mainly talk to you and every once and a while Ari and Jared. But I don't have Whatsapp..
jared is comming here by the end of june, you should enjoy the ride..... just saying.
ahah, What?.
haha, i remembered that jared is comming to são paulo by the end of june to be a jc. so you should enjoy the ride and come too (y).
:'( I wish... Well if you are still coming to Canada, I still want to meet up!.
yes, i will! and of coooourse we're meeting, we'll figure something out! aren't you doing any cisv program in the summer?.
I applied to be a JC in Norway, but we don't find out until March :(.
hmmm, nice! you'll get it, i can tell! but until then, let's cheer!.
You are cheering for me... I feel so honored!.
yeees, you should.. it doesn't happen to anyone!.
So what is new in your life?.
nothing, i guess.... haha, that's so sad! well... i'm getting addicted to prision break, hahaha (it's awesome!) and yesterday i finally watched, for the first time, "a clockwork orange" and i'm shocked until now, it is so so so good, but also so heavy! but i really liked it!what about you? what's new in your life?.
AHAH, prison break... only 14 year old boys like that show. I have heard that A Clockwork Orange is fucked up. as for me  I have my exams in a week so I am stressing hardcore. But once I am done I will be free!! (for 3 days then my next half of the year starts :( ).
oh... i'm sorry for you... but those 3 days of freedom will be the best, i'm sure!and about those 14 year old boys who like prision break, they certainly have really developed minds and also a very good taste! ;) and you should start whatching it, so you can see for yourself how good it is, hahaha.
i just watched an episode... I was not impressed... Yumy I thought you were better than this!!! ;).
i sweeeeear it's super cool! hahaha. so tell me, daniel, what impresses you?.
Me. I impress my self (and others) daily..
hahaha, of course you do!!.
ahhhh shot me now, i just spent 7 hours studying.... :(.
:(  :(  :(. i'm really sorry for you....... but after your exam, the results and the relief you'll feel will be worthwhile! ;).
Oh Yumy, such words of wisdom!.
yees, such original words as well! haha, is it finished? your exams?.
No, it starts on Monday and ends Friday....
ohh... but NOW you're free! and it's your birthday, so you have more than one reason to party! hahaha, wish you the best birthday ever, with all the good things you deserve! please enjoy it a looot! miss you really really much! and see you in july! ;).
Oh why thank you! Nothing I have to do and I love it! :) and how is your "sumer" going???.
haha, doing nothing is actually great, isn't it? and my summer is going really well! i went to that graduation trip and the weather was awesomeeee there and the beaches were great, the parties not so great but they were still parties.... hahaha.and how was your day, how did you celebrate your birthday?.
I went skiing with my friends! (Yet another thing you can't do in brazil!) and then ate cake :).
hmmm, it seems good to me!!and here we have what we call "ass ski" hahaha, which is in the dunes! you can also "snow"board but i don't have de capacity... it is something like that http://www.kariribeachhotel.com.br/novo/photos/skibunda/skibunda01.jpg.
That is pretty bad "ass"... But speaking of ass skiing we do that too in Canada. This is a video from a street in Montreal yesterday. [Skip to 31 seconds]  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJG3A5FXO0o.
hahahahaha, wtf!! is it a flood?? that's closer to a water slide! we can do that on little waterfalls, not in the middle of the street.... you crazy nothern people!.
Yumy you are making me jealous, I see all of your summer time photos on my news feed... Meanwhile it snow 30cm here today.... SAVE ME!.
hahahaha, what i can say.... come to the best country in the world! i'm waiting for you over here!.
If you want to buy me a ticket. So what new and exciting things are happening in your life?.
hahaha, sure!  your tickets are on it's way!and new and exciting? hmm, not much right now... i went to a friend's farm on the carnival and it was really great! and i'm finally taking my drive lessons and it totally sucks!!! what about you? do you guys celebrate the carnival?.
We celebrate winter carnival, which is where little kids go sliding in the snow and drink hot chocolate. As for me all I am doing is going to school. But next week we have a mini vacation for one week, and my brother is coming home from university. So something to look forward tooo!!.
haha, besides school it seems great to me! i'm still in vacation for another 2 weeks but that's not normal at all. all the schools already started like a month ago but my "preparation for university" only starts on the march 7th.
Preparation for University... what is that???.
hahaha. we don't call it exactly "preparation for university" but that's what it is. it's what you do if you've finnished school and have not entered yet into the university you want. so it's like school but specifically to the university's test. don't you guys have anything like that?.
haha, no. In canaada you can get into most. universities as long as you have a 85% average.. You dont have to take any test when you finish high school, they just take your marks from the classes you take and use that..
hmmm. i'm not sure what is better! 'cause imagine if you have any kind of problem in the middle of your high school... than that might compromise your entire academic life. but that test we have over here is not at all better... the questions are so specific and there's a looot of pressure!.
Either way school sucks... i just want to run into the woods and live there rest on my life...
hahahaahahaha, i'll go with you. into the wild! iaaau. http://vanderdissenha.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/large20into20the20wild20blu-ray7x.jpg.
Hahaha ohhhhhhhhhh so funny! But really, lets go....
Let's!. Hey, are you watching the oscar? Hahaha.
Of course! Are you??.
Hahaha, of course!.
What do you think so far?.
Do you think lincoln will win the best movie?.
Hmm... Argo I hope. Have you seen Lincoln?.
Hahaha, i didn't like at all the beggining!. I didn't watch neither argo or lincoln.
Lincoln was kinda boring. What movies that are nominated for best movie have you seen?.
But there was like a conflit in iran about argo... I'm not sure what was it about. I've seen  only life of pi and django.
Ohh. Django was sooooooooo good!!! what did you think of life of pi?.
Hahaha, it is!! And i really liked lige of pi! It's so so beautiful!. Have you watched it?.
Yes, It was really beautiful, and a guy from Chile won for Life of Pi's cinematography... South America finally doing something right..
Hahahha, shuut up. We're awesome. Have you watched "no"?.
ahah no. What is that?.
It's a movie from chile, i think it's competing for best international movie. It's really good, i really liked it.
No, I only saw Amour, that will win. I will watch it..
Ohh, i really wanna watch that! People sat it's really sad, it's about a old couple.
Yea, its sad, but it moves kinda slow. But the actress is nominated for an oscar and she is like 80 so thats kinda cool..
Yees, it is! And this year there's also that other girl with like 5 years old. I really wanna watch her movie.
Yes, Beasts of The Southern Wild, I saw it, she is soooooooo goood in it!.
Really? It's the next movie i'll watch! Haha. And i also wanna see all the animation short movies!.
Yea, soooo many good movies to watch! so little time....
Hahaha, exactly!!. But you've already watched it aaall!.
Haha, I did my work! So did you watch the all of the actresses and their dresses?.
Hahaha, the red carpet, you mean?.
ahaha yea.
I didn't.... Sorry. But tell me. What did you think?. Hahaha.
Oh, trust me, I didn't watch. To much to do. OHHHHHHHH SEARCHING FOR SUGAR MAN WON!!!.
Hahaha, yesss, sure.. So you didn't watch it. Haha, is it good??. Omg, you've really watched all the movies, haven't you?.
It was amazing. I dont watch the red carpet, its all like 40 years olds in dresses for 20 year olds.
Hahaha, yees. And all of them looking like wedding cakes.
HAHAH like the person on top of the cake, or the cake its self ?!?!.
Amour, like you said. Hahaha, the cake its self, of coursee.
I am too good! And why don't you watch the red carpet, all the sexy actors....
Yees.. I miss it! Tarantino looks so hot, have you seen it?.
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAH like always! I wish I had a chin like his....
Hahaha, it is an enviable chin....
He is almost as good looking as you in your profile picture....
Hahaha, i know... It's hard it's to resist. Hugh jackman is greaaat.
Have you seen Les Miserable?.
Noooo. I have to watch it!!.
Ill be honest. I hate musicals sooo much....
Noo, really?. Not even thia one?.
I saw one on brodway, and that was good, but in movie form, its not very good..
On broadway? Really? That must've been awesomeee.
yes, and Daniel Radcliffe was in it. mmm.
Uhhh, hahaha. He's so small isn't he?.
Hah yeah. So have you seen TED?.
Nooooo, i need to see it!.
WOW A TIE?!?!.
Whaaat. Ooh.
That is soo weird. I didn't think that could happen!.
Yeeeah, me too!. What is this guy!.
Ahaha, all of the guys have long hair... so weird!.
Those are the ones i missed on the red carpet... What was i thinking!!.
Their hair is nicer than the actresses... bad move..
Hahaha, bad bad move!. Anne hathaway will won this one, i guesa.
ahah too bad but yes.... all of the others were just okay.. You got it..
Uhumm. I really liked leonardo di caprio in django... Is he even a nominee?.
No :( But he really should have been!!!.
Yeess! He's such a good actor and have never won an oscar.
Really!>! Thats crazy, he is so good. Maybe the academy are jealous....
Hahaha, i think so too!.
So many old white men!.
Hahaha, yes!. Who's that presenter? I don't know him!.
He is the president of the academy..
Hmm, how i don't know himm. Durd. Seriously. Have you ever seen him before?.
He looks familiar... Hmm ill check.
The soundtrack of django is awesomeee, it should win!. Although i like adele.
YEa, Django had a great sound track. But adele wasn't in Skyfall much.. Django better win. So I saw on my newsfeed a picture of you smoking... bad Yumy!.
Ouch... But i don't smoke. Only onnnce in a while when i'm drunk and want to feel more adult... It's weird!.
ahah, feel more adult. So i must ask, do you smoke weed?.
Soometimes, not often. What about you?.
Every once and a while. When my brother is home I smoke much more. He smokes alot....
Weed, right? Or cigaretes?. You smoke with your brother? Isn't it weird?.
Ahah yea, weed. And its not weird its like family  bonding! Have u ever smoked with your brother?.
Nooo! And it would be weird, i'm sure!.
Haha, but why?.
I don't know, haha, but it would! We don't do that kind of things together. And i'm not even sure if he smokes....
You have never asked him? haha he must. Dont most people smoke weed in brazil.
No! haha, and I don't know if a lot of people.. Most don't.
wow, so that makes you a "bad kid" then?.
Hahahaha, nooo. It is normal, a lot of people smoke but a lot don't. Now, even more people starts smoking.
What would your parents do if they found out?.
Hmm, i'm really not sure. My mother would have a loooong converstion and my dad i really don't know. He told me once that he used to smoke qhen he was young. What about yours?.
They have never talked about it... but i think they may just ignore it and pretend it didnt happen. They dont like having serious talks about stuff..
Really? But do you think it's better?.
Hmm. If I had kids I wouldnt handle it like that... it is just like the elephant in the room..
Elephant in the room?.
Like something no one wants to talk about but they all know it happened...
yees. i agree with you. i hate to have those talks, but i think they're necessary.
I think if I had those talks I would be closer to my parents....
yes, probably.... but you still can always have those conversations, haha.
hahah, ask them to have the conversation?.
yeep, i don't know, maybe just bring the subject and see what happens. sometimes WE have to be the parents, haha.
hahaha. that sounds like something Oprah would say....
hahaha, oprah is awesome.
hahaha, do you watch her?!.
actually no, i think i've never watched an entire show.
haha. Tarantino just won!!!.
yeeeeey!. hahaha. it's only his second oscar. i thought he had won more!.
me too.. He is sooo awkward! "peace out" hahaha so bad..
hahahahahaha. coming from tarantino.... a lot of things get weird.
haahahahah, I guess true artists are always a little weird....
yeah, but an intrest kind of weirdness!. ang lee is also great!.
ahah, yes.. wow that was a fast response to his win.
on carnival i've watched for the first time brokeback mountain, it's really good!.
Really... I have always wanted to watch it but I dont know who to watch it with... a boy, kinda weird. or a girl also kinda weird....
hahaha. and alone.... maybe even weirdest.
ahahah I guess i will watch it with my cat.... Or maybe thats wierd too O.o.
haaaahahahahaha. no, the cat is the best option!.
but its a boy cat... hmm still the best option??.
i think so... comparing to the others.......... maybe a dog!.
But I dont own a dog. So do I have to go find one just to see the movie?!?! Oh my... so much work...
hahahaha. just be a man and watch it!.
ahaha, fine! if it was really that good...
it's good 'cause is different from what we're used to.
Ye, Thats truee.. Are u still watching the oscars?.
yess. aren't you?.
Yes. I hope Phoenix wins in this category//.
phoenix?.
Joaquin Phoenix.
did you like his movie?.
Soooo goooood.... You have to watch it! so fucking good...
uow, now i will!. whaaaaat. michelle obama? wtff.
ahaahahahhhaha THis is sooo weird. Girl in back on left looks crazy.
that's ridiculous. haahahahaha. amour is competing also for best movie?.
haha yea.
tan dam. ouch. nooo.
ahaahahahha. WINNNEER.
no no noooo.
I am soooooooooo goood..
it couldn't have won!!!.
But it did!!!!.
but it shouldn't. iran is working in a movie which will be a response to argo.
Really!?! Thats awesome!.
yes but not for the reasons they're doing it!.
Ahahaha, yeah. Iran is such crazy country....
yeah, but the usa are no better!.
True, lots of fucked up countries....
i know, right?.
Good thing Brazil and Canada a some what normal....
hahahaha. totally!. we're great!.
ahahah we s0 arre.
hahaha, but sometimes i think i'm a little bit anti american.
Thats a good thing. It balances out all the people who love america..
hahaha, maybe. they're so nationalists, aren't they.
I like the people but not the place.
i've never been there. and the people i know i like but ai usually think that i won't like the people too.
I live like 1 hour away from USA so i go there sometimes. and you can see it even in the north.. Like they love their country, and their guns so much...
hahaha. i hate thaat. do you live near which state?.
Maine. its kinda similar to my province (New Brunswick) but the deeper you go the worse it gets....
hahaha. on my village there was a jc from maine.
hah mine too.
i still have a tiara with lobster claws.
hahahahahahahahah.. thats soo funny.
hahaha, it's a great tiara.
I am just imagining it on you... wow, so beautiful..
yess.. i send you a picture some other time.
ahaha, yes. But be careful I am allergic... :o.
really??. what happens if you eat it?.
I don't, I never have. They just sad I am allergic so I have never tried it... But my Mom is also allergic to it and she ate it once and was sick for like a week....
really??. you've never tried? you don't know how it tastes? that must be weird!. actually i'm not sure i know how it tastes, hahaha.
ahahahah, its weird because I live near a place were lobster is a big deal and when i go there it is kinda weird..
hahaha, i can imagine!. but can you eat shripms?.
No... :(.
and never tried?. hahaha, if it's any consolation, i don't like very much seafood.
That makes me feel better :).
hey, don't you have school tomorrow?.
haha yes, but no tests soo I will sleep in math....
good choice, good choice. but there it's like 1:35?.
haha, yes the night is young!.
hahaha, sure it is!. here is already 2.
Really, But u can sleep till like 3 pm.
no, i can't 'cause i have drive lessons. YEY. at 13:30 but even thoug....
Oh wow so grown up!.
hahaha. i know!. do you alrready took yours?.
Kinda, I have it, but i can only drive when I have a person in the car with me who has a drivers license..
ohh, but that's already something. when will you be able to drive alone?.
June :0 you?.
i'm not sure, but not soon. i still have 7 teoric classes to go. and after that i have to make a test. and if i pass, i'll have to make 20 hours of pratic classes. then a pratic exam. annd if i pass i'll finally will drive.
ahahah holy shit... thats sooo much stuff to do....
tell me about it..........
Haha, do you get your own car when you finish?.
hahaha, i don't think my parents will give me one as easy as that.
hahah, I feel ur pain! My friends get cars but not me... :(.
but i'll be that kind of person who can drive but often prefer to take the bus. :(.
ahaha. but arent busses dangerous in brazil?.
hahahaha. it's kind of hard to explain, i guess. 'cause it's other reallity. if by dangerous you mean that i can be robbed, it's dangerous. but i take the bus all the time and have never been.
What do u mean?.
that i don't think it's dangerous but you might 'cause you're not used to it.
Ye, but doesnt that scare you that it could happen>?.
it always could happen anywhere, that's the point, haha. you just have to be minimally carefull.
Like what do you have to do.
in theory you have to be always alert. and basically that's it. the only thing i actually do is avoid empty places and streets. i mean. empty streets.
Well thatt makes sense.. I am going to bed... School tmr... Sweet Dreams!.
you too. good school tomorrow....  (y).
:o  Oh god I hope so. This looks like you!!! https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc1/423564_10150537399753733_534476724_n.jpg.
Hahahahahahhahahaha. Thank you very much. Here's baby you.
I haven't talked to you in forever....
Yes... Shame on you!. How's life?.
Ahah, life is life... same old stuff, but it only like a month till summer break so i am really excited to be finished school. And next week I get my wisdom teeth out :/. What about you?.
Hahaha, summer break? I'm so jealous..... Here it just started getting cold (which for us is like 15•c. And i'm supposedly studying a lot, so i'm really tired and drinkinh lots of coffe, haha. Are you going to be jc after all?.
Why were you up so late last night, I thought I was the only night crawler. and yes I am JCing, but the village in Norway was cancelled, so now I am going to Calgary. When does your school finish?.
Haha, i was just getting back from a party yesterday! Why the village in norway was cancelled?? And where exactly is calgary? My "school" finishes only in july!!.
Party gurll. The village was cancelled because they cound't find staff. So Calgary is in western Canada.    Shit you finish in July, and you start in January... Thats a short year!.
Hahahaha, durd. In july i have winter break, our school year finishes in december!.
How long is the break?.
Usually one month but this year i'll have only 3 weeks. 󾍀. So, is this calgary any closer from toronto? Come see me!!!!.
Its farther :'(. When does your camp start?.
󾌡. It starts on the 8th. And goes till the 28th.
:'( ill be in Calgary the whole time..
󾌡󾌡󾌡󾌡󾌡. Can't believe it... Why is your country so fucking bigggg. 󾌨.
I guess I just have to come to Brazil....
Hahaha, i guess so... The best country in the world, don't know what are you waiting for!.
I could use some sun! It is suppose to be summer here and today it was 6*C ! I need some heat! How was you day?.
Omg, here it is almost winter and we had like 25•C. Haha, my day was pretty much exciting, actually! I was taking a ride with a friend and he beated his car! It was really slow, i almost didn't notice,  but even though..... What about your day??.
What do you mean beated his car??.
It colided with another car.
Shit, that is exciting! So you are okay?.
Hahaha, yees, it was really nothing. Iike really really slowly.
You are acting like it is no big deal. You can totally use this to make you sound more bad-ass!.
Hahahahahaha. Right?. I'm such a survivor!!. Daniel, today i had a geography class about your beloved country. Hahaha.
ahah, What did you learn!?.
Haha, besides some technical informations, something about a separatist movement of quebec and a conflit with inuits(?) on naravut. (Y). Also that you're like the biggest aluminium producer, and that you buy bauxite from brazil. And than we buy the aluminium from you guys. Because we're really smart... :/.
Very impressive Yumy! You get a gold star! I miss you alot....
I miss you too, danipaulutes!.
So what is new in your life?.
Nothing much... I'm almost done with my driving lessons, yeey! And i guess thats the most exciting thing going on right now. Hahaha, sad..... What about you?.
I have my final exams starting monday... SO MUCH STUDYING :(( But this time next week I will be free!.
Uow, good luck! But i'm sure you'll do just fine. How so you'll be free next week!! Like vacations already??.
Yeah. Well we started in September so it has been a while. How much school are you going to miss because of the seminar?. Also do you have snapchat?.
Hahahaaha, yessss!!. It's yumypompeia. And i'll miss less than 2 weeks of class!. Danieel! Who's with your phone? Hahaha.
What do you mean?.
Everytime i send you a snapchat i get a response and it's never you haha.
Haha. Are you in canada yet.
No, i'm in ny. I'm going to canada only on sunday. What about you? Have your camp already started?.
I am at my homestays right now! What are you doing in NY?.
Oh really? Are they nice?. I'm just visiting. 'Cause i've never been to the us before.
Haha yes. My homestay is a staff I had for my summer camp!.
Ohh, that's nice!. And are you excited?.
Yea I can't wait to meet the kids. Are you excited?.
Yees! But i'm a little scared cause i know absolutly nobody... Not even the brazilian girl but she seems really nice.
Ahah. I know one of the Canadian girls I think. And she is really nice..
Really? Sarah?. I think she's the obly canadian besides the staffs. Only. Jared said he knows her.
Cool. So when does camp camp start?.
On monday! What about yours?.
I am at camp now. But the kids dont come till Sunday..
Oh really? And the jcs are cool so far?.
Yeah they are sweet!.
Any brazilian? Haha.
Hahah. From Sao Paulo! His name is Kadu.
Whaaaaaat. How so he's from sao paulo! I don't know him!. Maybe he's from another city in sao paulo state?.
Haha. I think he said he was from Sao Paulo the city..
Hmm, i don't know, but he's probably cool, you know, coming from the best country in the world........ Haha, good luck tomorrow with the kids, i'm sure they'll love you!.
Ahah. So now you are in the greatest nation on earth?!.
Hmmm.. I already left the best nation on earth,  BUT i gotta say you actually are kind of cool over here! And maple rocks! Hahaha.
Ahahhah.of corse it does.
Daniel!. Almost in time... HAPPY BIRTHDAY!. Hope you've enjoyed it!. How are you? How's life? It's been such a lonnng time. Miss you a lot!.
Ahaha. Hey hey :) finally 18!!! Today is the start of the second half of the school year, other than that life is life. What about you? Hows life?.
Uh! Is it your last semester?Well, i've just started an architecture college while waiting for te resulta of another university. So i'm kind of anxious this days!.
Thats exiting! You and ari are both in architecture! How do you like it?.
Hi Daniel, Jakob told me you were part of Model UN so I'm wondering if you all were meeting this week? I need a picture for the yearbook. Let me know if its possible..
Jakob was lying! But I know that they meet every Monday in the top floor teaching theater!.
ello.
i.
i see what you did there. .
lolol.. go to bed..
no.. go get me some kibble.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kibbles_%27n_Bits.
<3.
:putnam:.
::66966073237::. :66966073237:.
SWEET.
[[66966073237]].
ahahaha what else u got?.
[[21326386143]].
give me moar!.
no..
fine. sleep.
Hey.
 Hey alex, do u have next weeks Schedule, if you do, does it say I work tomorrow? Thanks.
Dont have it man, sorry. Im off all week so I dont know.
Okay, thanks anyway,.
Wait, I can ask winter.
That would be awesome!.
Hey, you work brunch tomorrow.
Okay cool, when is that?.
11-2.
cool,thanks!.
Hey dude im cristian!!! im from the United States.... and i gotta say im totally siked to be goin to Prague this summer!.
Yeah man me too :D I'm crazy excited !!! have you met the others in your delegation yet?.
lol yea want me to send u a link to their profile? theyr names r lizzie amanda and luke! wbu?.
haha yeah, their are 2 people in my delegation that i know really well, and the other girl is new. have u done cisv stufff before?.
http://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/ayadavia, amandahttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=615671150lizziehttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=1145064491lukeLol thats awsome! yea i went to a village in finland in 07! it was AMAZING! how about you? and do you have ur delegations fb links? its beter to meet every1 now than at camp... less akward! ooh and hey we got the brazilians links if u want em!.
ahha sure here are my delagates http://www.facebook.com/lammy.matsonhttp://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1069965490and i dont know the third girl :P but the two people i sent the links of went to denmark with me on an interchange :D.
Dude thats awsome! (btw amanda wants to talk 2 u so add her asap lol) Denmark is SWEET! lol its so much better bein able to mssage like i usually do (the brazilians arnt very good at english) lol its great! ooh n i wanted to day that its awsome to be goin with a country similar to ours... makes it easier lol.
ahahah yeah i know, how many oh the brazillians do you have???.
all of em XD! u want them?.
hahah yeah :D sweet.
lol here, one is pretty hot dude... but keep that between us when we go!ere:http://www.facebook.com/?sk=messages&tid=1700894156354#!/profile.php?id=100001549862201Rafaelhttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=1105706189Mariana (1)http://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=1010812405Ilanhttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/mariana.bacellarMariana (2). did u get em?.
hahah thanks, you work quick i counldn't find anny of those people :P and im digg'n the girl in the bikini ":P. hahha yeah i got them :D i am not sure if they will know who i am???.
lol just say hi thats what i did! Theyr seriously nice!! How are things up North? ooh and did u get amandas txts?.
ahaha texts??? and good it snowed today. what about in good old Indiana??.
lolz thats how we say it down here... txts, and yea we were totally ticked off when we saw snow on the gorund this morning... we were enjoyung 60 degree weather for a few days....
hey here is the second girl :Dhttp://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001846460977.
Dam.... Lol nice!. Lol keep tht between us too!!!.
ahahahha, yeah :P i havnt talked to her yet but i think she is nice from what i hear :P she is probably wondering how u know who she is now :P.
Lolz i shud mssage her!! She prolly thinks im sum kreep!!! Lol i gotta say shes up there wit da brazilian chick.
haha, yeah Canadian girls don't disappoint :P hey have you found out who the guy from France is yet?.
No, but i did find out the Japanese arnt going =(... France tool their place... and oh dont go there lol!! Canadian girls and American girls are one in the same!.
ahahah yeah, trust me all canadian girl dont her... i wish they did :P yeah, i heard that in japan that the mafia is giving out clean water medicine and food, iit kinda coool.
LOL! Where did you hear that!??! o n dude uno wts gonna b beast? My village was spin da bottle n 7 mins in heaven galore! n I know for a fact that thats whats gonna happen in Prague too!.
hahaha, really my village was not like that at all :P.
oooh! well yea! its gonna happen at camp... it ALWAYS happens at camp!.
ahahahah, yeah, how are u going to do all this, it say you are in a relationship on facebook! :P :P.
Lol thts kinda crap statement... Lol ive never really gotten around to changing that!.
ahahaha, well what ever even if u are going out with some one when u go to czech, i dont think anyone will find out about a game of spin the bottle :P.
Lolz i hope not!!! I mean its not like it means anything!!! Sure if we do it from the beginning ghe camp will be infested with disease by the end of the first week, but its no big deal right!?! Lol.
hahaha yeah. HAHAHAHH "infested with disease"!!! oh and i found out that the deligation from equdor is not beingpick for 2 weeks or something!.
OOh really?!? Well, they are a big chapter... like Sao Paulo has THOUSANDS of kids in it, and they dont get picked until april or May!.
shit, thousands our chapter has like 70 tops :P how big is ur chapter?.
XD! I would say we have about 110 active members, though in a city of 17000 thts not too great! lol.
haha we have like 50 000 in our city :P that even worse.
XD!!! woww!!! well i seriously hope it grows to become a major organization everyone knows about soon! hey have you guys made a video of Canada yet?.
ahaha no, i didnt know we had to :P what has to be in it?.
lolz well its kool to have one for your cultural avticity/night deal... we made one and put it in my videos, lol its really not even finsihed yet!.
That video is legit, i dont know if Canada can top that :P. Hey have u added the French guy??.
No i cnt find him!! Did you?.
haha yeah :D herehttp://www.facebook.com/?sk=messages&tid=1486556102315.
Thanks man! lol omg and yea thanks about the vid! i havnt been on for a bit!! It took forever to find stuff to put on it! the US is a hard thing to put into video... not much to see lol!.
ahha, yeah canada that the big's history is kinda boring so i dont know what well do :P.
XD!@!! just do landmarks like we did!. Hey did you guys get the second pre camp yet?.
No, I don't think so, did u???.
No jwjw i found out that all national offices are closed on the weekends ..
Ahh, well don't they come out soon???.
Thats what Lizzie had told me. I hope they do soon... im kinda siked!.
Yeah me too! What is even on it???.
It gives ALOT more detail on where we wil lbe staying, what the theme is all ablut. What will be at camp. What to bring... all the specifics. Im really excited about it!.
Yeah thats sweet! I cant wait!!.
Dude I got all the Mexicans lol.
Ahah sweet can send me the links ??.
SORRY DUDE!!! here they ar!!Carloshttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=1176617333Valeriahttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=793004856Arturohttp://www.facebook.com/login/setashome.php?ref=home#!/profile.php?id=1188775930idk the other one lol... i dont think I have her!. FOUND HER!!! excuse my French, butt... SEXY BI**H!!!Luisahttp://www.facebook.com/?sk=messages&ref=mb#!/profile.php?id=1127661503.
hahahah thanks for the links :D.
I hate tornadoes... just throwing it out there..
Shit, did u have a tornado in indiana ???.
Hell yes lol every year around time!! Ive seen like 7!! Its worse in the Central USA! I have family in Kansas and its scary as hell!! The sirens start and the hail starts falling!! Once when I was there the sky was like green..
thats scary shit! he are high and dry over here in fredericton.
Lucky ass lol!!! Were pretty much drenched in rain and being rumbled by thunder!!!.
shit i hate thunder!.
XD DUDE INO!! so what are u doin 4 ur pretrip??. Sry okay dude cyz!!! Itll b awsome!!. Capitalism A Love Story is a CRAZY movie!!!!!.
hahhaha, yeah that is one of my faves :D haha.
It gets me so pissed off at big corps. Though. Hey bro!! how u been?? just had a quick question... what is your favorite song?? You will find out why im asking laterr... =D.
hahah hey :P umm i like Hardest Button to Button :D hah  What is this for?.
a party... thats all im saying... =D. What about a song to party to?. dudee get on skyype or oovoo latr. u got vid chatt?.
we should have a big group chat tonight! :D :D.
im all for itt!!!. bed... bed... bed... bed... bed... bed... bed.. bed.. bed.. ive been to bedford.... dont fuck with bedford man!.
hahah, i fucking run bedford!.
noo... Susan Hayword runs Bedford.... you run NOTHINGG!!!.
I have a confession to make... I am  Susan Hayword....
no... no...! no ur not!! ITS NOT TRUE!! IT CANT BE!! (crying at the same time)... btw Tylers driving.. =0.
hahahahahahah, T-RICH on the road!?!?!?!.
HELLZ 2 DA YESS!! TEARIN DA ROAD AND PICKIN UP.... ..... ..... groceries..... I ALMOST SED CHICKS!!!! WHY WOULD I SAY SUCH A SILLY THING??!!. hey duz the US and Canada get free txting?.
I dont know... plus i dont have a phone ;( Hahaha.
wtf?? NO FONEE??? thats impossible !!.
sadly yes... no phone for mr lutes... hey man when do u go back to school????.
august 24 i believe... Why do you ask Canadian??? XD. BTW did i say ur my BCF!!.
:D :D BCF best canadian friend?!?!? hahah we go back sept 5th :D :D.
shit... okay ur my BFCFITWWFW!!.
whats that???.
BEST FUKIN CANADIAN FRIEND IN THE WHOLE WIDE FUKIN WORLD!!. how does that mak u feel??.
hahahha like the man! :D  get your ass on oovoo].
kk justa sec. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzrGFQysfYUNO HOMO BRO! MISS U.
tanks bro! are we still doing lulibies????\.
idk if were doin it Prague time i wont b able 2. you should change the theme of ur info.
what???.
uno how ur info is about beds?? u shud change it 2 sumthing else thts effing hilarious. Hey bro idk what the hell happened... but all of a sudden i remembered all the intelligent conversations we had and how awesome they were, and i started bawling... and i bawled ecause I realized that you were seriously the only person I could talk to the way i really would talk to people... Gotta say you were one of the only people ive ever met that I could talk with about stuff we talked about! does that make sense?? haha idk man... i just miss you tons... just know you always got a bro in northwestern indiana, USA... MISS YOU BRO!.
Man, you are fucking awesome, i woke up te other day and was like shit, i miss having great convos with the crew :( i miss you soo much too, you always got a bro in east canada! :D.
lol sorry bro... i just got totally sentimental... but i do mean it man XD! dont change bro ur effin beast! What do you think of the video??.
man i fucking loved the video, it made me remember how much i miss everyone!.
XDD good that was the idea!! i was bawling the whole time I was making it1. A PRIME exapmle of the urban American! funny shit Daniel lol.
hah, man why did isabelle delete her facebook?.
???? she did?? and did you get it??. Did you et it??. ??. DUDE?!?. DANIEL LUTESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!. ru alive??.
heydid i get what?.
Ooh you havnt gotten it yet!!! Okayy hmm the postal takes too dammn long!!.
hahahahahhaha, what is it?.
Well when u get it be sure to show liam too plz?.
hahah what is it?.
Im NOT saying... Something small... But really heartfellt... And when you do get it can you plz show liam? I didnt hav enough for the both of you which Ifeel like a dick about.
haha, yeah sure ill definatly show him! :D and thanks man, for what ever it is! :D.
XD just see it as a small way of saying that I miss you like my own family.... Legit... No joke. U there bro?.
Man i miss you so much, i miss everything somuch, i think i even miss the shitty food..
Hahahahaa id kill for one of those dumpling thingss!!! And ive never missed sleeping on the floor so much either. Btw howw hav u been bro??? How r things up north??? Has ur skool started yet?. U there?. Did you get it yet?!?!?!?!.
hahah no not yet!.
Wtf?!? Its just a fucking card howw long could it take?!?.
hahah, when did u send it?.
Uhmm friday.
hahaha, patients is a virtue.
I seriously could have just walked it to you. How hav u been doing??.
Ahah I am good school starts soon, so i am excited!!! What about u?.
Lol well I am currently in algebra 2 class... Mssaging you while the teacher spews crap about absolute equations or ssomething... And im dead inside because summers over.... I am so excited foor ummer already.
Ahah man, when did ur school start?.
The 24 of august... And u??. ???.
hahaha sept 8th.
Nicce...  Well consider yourself lucky.... Are you and liam coming?!?.
ahah when?.
Mext summer!.
I have no cluuse, i want to but i am not sure what my family will say!.
Lol ask them!!! Have a legit talk with them like I didd for ricky!! Youd be staying wth tyler and his moms house I nice as hell lol.
hahahha, so ow is goign?.
Its goin good... Im at lunch atm!!! And im sitting heretting under the table... And my friend is shocked that I have a canadian friend....
hahah, wee are rare!.
Lol theyre blonde so... They just asked if you haad said eh in thee mssage.... So yeaa lol hows the deli??.
deli is AMAZING.
How u guys doin?!?.
i am great!.
Lolzz they want to know if u say ''eh''...  Lol theyre iioits.
Ahah I do I do eg!.
Well theyll be excited to know that ahahahahaa... Like I said they're blonde so they would find this amazing lol!!!! Liam told me you arnt in NB???. I miss my inteligent conversationalist bro... Im sitting alone in my room with tons of thougts and ideas, and i dont have ne1 to share them with... Miss my BCB!!.
hey man miss you too!!!.
you didnt happen to get it yet did you?. ILL hav to headbutt a wall if not bcuz idk how someone in europe can get theirs before someone in Canada!!!.
ahahah, no i didnt get it yet!.
Just though I would stop by along my cyber journey, and say that i miss you alot... but not as much as everyone else... because ino were gonna see eachother again no problem... it pays to be neighbors! lots of love BCB.
hahahaa, heey man i got the card!!!!!!!!!!!! miss u soo mucch!.
Lol good!!! Sorry about the whole ''having to share'' thing!. How are you my dear?.
hahaha great, you?.
sick... very sick... horribly sick lol dude you should get on oovoo more... how the deli? im so siked for thsis summer! My parents are talk with Rickys larents already!.
haha, the deli sweet1 we are having our welocome back minicamp this weekend, what wrong with you?.
Lucky ass... ours was like a week after we came back... i have bronchitus... nasty as hell stuff!!!.
ahahha i heard that its soo shity to have... man i feel bad for ya!.
All condolences, get well cards, and fina goodbyes are greatly appreciated... XD thanks bro... so you can still come right? si everything still sort of in line?.
i may or may not be moving away next year to do a year abroad... so if that goes down, probably not....
XD iite where will you be goin?.
ahah, thats the thing, i have no clue! hehe i have to go to the first meeting, and ill find out then.
Dangg... dude thats legit XD!! Thats soo kool!! Watch you come to Michigan City XD jk... well so far the sure fire people coming are LuiSA, Ricky, Jirka, and MAYBE Anicka. h serilusly hope you guys can come... we ahve so much planned!. Ha we have the same profile pic... Juss pointin tht out!!.
ahahah what are the odds. NNNo, different blue".
No its not... Just face the fact that your profile pic is NOT unique on facebook....
I am an indivual!.
Yess... You are an indivual... Whereas I am an INDIVIDUAL!!!!.
hahhahahahahhaha lol. igt.
IITE mee too!!! Lol miss u tons brah!!!!. Wait did u say u gotta go???. I was thinking... I think I have earned a break in my crazy and dramatic life... and I would like to talk to a friend... long story short... we need to fucking skype....
lol hahah, lets skype tonight!.
Iite kool!! Lol its bout time... We hvnt even talked!.
ahahah, um how bout 8 my time???.
Works 4h me! Ur 2 hours ahead right?.
yeah :D.
Giv me lik 15 mins were eaattting.
kk.
Pik up where left off tomorrow!!. OKay, so heres the deal... Ricky told me today that he is also bring Matty with her over here for the Summer... its a SECRET from her though!! so DONT mention  anything to her!!! The deal is, that I guess Lizzie wants to have the sntire camp at her house or something, and she said that since Tyler isnt going to be here, she can have you and Liam too if you guys choose to come! If you do, itll be you Liam, Matty, Luisa, and Jirka... Im just throwing that out there for you two to think about! Lizzie today was all like GET A HOLD OF THEM AND TELL THEM THAT THEY CAN STAY HERE!! so lemme know what you think.
It tuff to say man, I have already applied for the JC spot... But i know i dont want to spend the summer in canada, so if i dont get the JC spot well see what Happens. But i realllyy want to go!..
Dude.. If u want to go dont feel bounded!! I dont wanna make u feel bad... BTW ru going to Voss?? Cuz if so my chapter hs a JC spot there too!! Keep us posted!.
No i want want go to sweden... Oh and also... Fredericton is sending a village deligation to Michigain Shitty!!!.
No way!!! thats great dude I gotta meet em!! Im thinking of staffing that village so we will see!!.
ahhhhh yeah! it should be coool, youll meet frederictons finest.
Yep their finest 11 year olds xD... Ill tell em ino u! Lol so yeaaa dude kee us posted on what u wanna do!! If u do end up choosng us, TALK TO LIZZIE!!.
hshsh i Will :P :).
Soo.. whats your view on this whole Kony thing?.
its a tough situation.
whats your opinion?.
Its good to see everyone so involed but, its too bad that Invisable children is not as reputable as one might like.
Exactly... like my school is trying to start findraisers and everything, and i had like 3 people try to get me to sicn petitions for smoething that has to do with it, but I'm holding off until a real investigation or something as to where the money is going is done.... I dont wanna do something Ill regret.
yeah, the question really is if military action is the right path,,,.
that too... and it sucks cuz that seems like the only way to get this guy too.
yeah, i think it good that people care so much but it seem like they are "jumping on the bandwagon"... without doig much research at all..
They are, and it kinda makes me mad to see.  From both view points.
yeah, i find some people really dump on the whole idea, but theres notmuch you can doo..
Me and a friend of mine has to bash on this dude in class today... he was saying that we have more important things like our economy to worry about, which I would understand if the issue of human life wasnt what were talking about. To me everyone who says that has their values totally backwards.
Yeah, thats a really upsetting thing to hear. but at the same time that is what the politicians focus on.
What have people up North said?.
generally the same lots of love lots of hate..
Well... I guess well see what happens... hey is Jean really coming over there this Summer?.
yeah. I think so,,, im not sure..
Well thats cool... and what ever hapened to the JC spot?.
i didnt get it, me and the other guy were tied so they drew names out of a hat and i lost..
Awh damn dude im sorry.
ahah, i dont mind, i get to do an IYM in france now :).
Are you serious? When is that?.
its like half way through july :).
Thats awesome dude!! Wish you couldhave come here sad face XD... Rickys comin as a matter of fact, my parents are talking to his for the first time tomorroe. tomorrow*.
thats sick is jirka still going?.
I dont know!! IDK if Amanda ever got a hold of him which worries the hell out of me, but Luisa i THINK is still a go.
ahaha thats cool i cant wait to see the pictures.
Dude I cant either... i wish you could come though lol... we have a big suprise for Ricky when he comes, were taking him to this new lightclub in Chicago.  It has a foam pit and glow paint. but dont tell him anything!.
hahah lol i wont!.
XD so hows thingd dong in good ol' Fredericton?.
Shitty/. SAme shit.
uh ohh... whats goin on?.
nothing, thats the point, its kinda boring here..
XD come on now.... It cant be that bad.
ahahah oh it is! if i didnt have friends and the internet i dont know what i would do..
Lol I feel bad for you... the only things big that happen here are murders and robberies... so here is not a good place to find fun XD. OOH WELL... we are having the NATO summit....so I gues thats good XD.
shit man murders.
I hear you... Damn Chicago its nothing but a burden.. I really dont like being a part of Chicago... we have the highest taxes in the US.
i know what you mean, i dont have aproblem with taxes, iff they are going towards somthing good,,.
If by that you mean paying for murdered cops and demolition of crack houses... then thats fine XD. But Chicago is "pretty" and the "6 most powerful on earth"... I think its all stupid really.
yeh, do u have a big jail near ur city.
Yeap the state correctional facility XD why?. Its in our town actually.
eya, they mentioned it in a movie and i was like oh shit.
which one!? XD.
Public enemies.
Havnt seen it lol thats crazy i didnt know that!! Well yeaa its here lol!!.
any break outs.
plenty... three guys broke out once... my dad knew the chick who was supposed to be "watching them"... two were found sleeping in the towns country club, and the other was found in like Chicago. this happened two summers ago, and everyone was fucking paranoid.
thats crazy!.
LOL yeap it was scary as hell!!. Has anything like that ever happened in Fredericton?.
we had a murderer here in the 80's.
what happened?.
killed some one escaped killed three others was on the losse got caught..
Holy shit... thats insane... OMG that reminda me... two kids murdered their grandma in a house like 4 blocks from mine. there was a book about it and everything.
Holy shit! when did this happen?.
Like the 70s... they wanted her iinsurance, so they bashed her head in or something, dismembered her, and sent parts of her body to different parts of the country... its called the Whittey House (I think thats how its spelled) XD.
thats fuucked up!.
lol the fucking house is still there!!! i think personally they should tear it down or something its horrible.
yeah, thats is really weird.
Lolzz yeapp... Canad sounds soo peaceful can I move up there? lol.
peaceful... and  boring.
Its better than living here lol at least you know youre safe.
ahha i guess ur right/.
Its true lol... hows the deli?.
good liam and nicola are goign on the peacebus and alicia is going to Ecuador,.
When is she going? We have a deligation going to Ecuador too!.
its not for cisv though, its for me to we.
Whats that organication do? Is it similar?.
kinda you go there and volunteer and build a school.
Oh thats awesome!! Hope she has fun!! Lizzie is the only one doing something this time around. Shes going to Denver I think, plus shes seeing the Ecuadorians this summer too!.
oh wow..
Shes really lucky lol!! Plus TYler is going on a effin European tour with People to People.
hahah, those people are in for a suprise!.
Lol I know hes met with his group like 5 times... GOD BLESS HIM!!! XD.
ahah i kinda miss him.
XD his and his ways!!! I get enough of him at school lol.
ahaha he is good in very small doses!.
EXACTLY!!! dude its haerd to believe were pushing a year ALREADY.
i know man, think back to the day we first met... man.....
Dude... I rememner... lol I remember tellihg Tyler... "Act normal! Theyre coming!!". I was honestly kinda scared lol.
ahhahTRICH somany questoes from that day!.
XDD... FUCK THE BANK!!!. that one still gets me!.
hahah oh god i know.
what were some other ones?.
i had a one night stand once..........oh wait no i didnt! hahaha.
XDXDXDXDXD!!!! AAHAHAHAHAHAAA!!!!! Do you still have them?. I gotta hear em!.
liam had them on his phone but lost them :'(.
D:.
but remeber the "hey do you have a psp?? yes, why Well i guess you have a pretty small dick...." hahahahhahahaha].
XDXDXD!!!!!! lol omg YEA!!! OMG remember.... "Theres no you way you can stop that penis from getting into that woman!".
ahahahahahhahahah He hates Big ass blonde bitches!!!.
AAHHAAHAHHAAA!!!! dude im like tearing up!! do you rmember any more?.
youll need this more than me*puts hat on my head* 5 minutes later takes it leaves.. hahah.
XDXD...... that should be a momwnt etched in CISV history... ooh if only you had met Luke XD.....
ahhaha, how is he???.
Luke?.
tyeah, never met him but still].
Hes doin well!!! hes goin out for CISV next year.... Dude... what was the worst thing you did at camp?.
oh thats cool, man i didnt really do anything bad :( but after camp we went to a pub and got beer. aha what about you?.
=/ lol.... chewing tobacco with Jirka and drinking. XD. well Jirka and Felipe.
hahahwhere did u get it?.
camp staff room XD... and the chewing tobacco Jirka brought... it was wwwiiieeerrrddd lol.
hahah, what was the tabbacolike?.
I think it had some kind of drug Jirka never told me about in it, because we became really fuzzy... Anicka took some and started hitting on some random ass dudes smoking in the playground.
haha wow thats funny!.
lol thats a great memory of mine for sure.
hahah yeah, how much did u guys drink?.
i dont remember lol wanna say half the bottle.... okay greatest memory. ?.
hmmm, one would be me you deniz ilan talking for like 2 hours.. but there are so many.
that was eye opening for me lol... hmm... a good memory of mine was you me amanda and Jirka sitting on the trail goin to the castle.
yeah, one thing i loved was talking at night..
in our room? XD.
yeah. oh and the sanwich fight.
OMG i just remembered that.... Jirka was just like "Man, catch this sandwich" and chicked it at me lol. chucked*.
ahah, jirka was great, he was so out there, it was great.
yess he was.... his accent just added to it! remember Brazils cultural activity?.
aahha yeah that was soooo great!!!.
OMG did you get raped?.
no! did u?. ahah.
yes ;(.
hahahahaahha.
it was scarring... oh my god lol.
hahaha i bet!.
XD dang dude my memory is fading.
yeah it sucks.... dude i gtg talk to u later..
IIte bro!!! yea its late over there lol. ttys!!!. Hey!! whats up?!?. I had a dream that I went to see you guys, this summer, and while i was there there was an alien invasion..... it was trippy. and random.
Man... that wasn`t a dream... I am glad you are safe..
Oh my GOD!!!!!!. Dudde seriously tho... I wanna visit you guyss. Look who I havnt fuckin talked to in like a year... Feeling nostalgic I guess.  How are you man?!.
Ahahah. I doing fucking great man. It is summer and have shit to do! What about you??.
Hey.
 Hey man are u in rez rn?.
Ya I am now.
do u have any ganja i can buy off u?.
I don't at the moment but Alex Beaumont does if you know him. He's a chill guy and resides in room 606.
I would feel weird knocking on some dudes door asking to buy weed. ahahah.
Ya I understand but he sells to a few people and would be cool about it..
Oh he sells. Cool. Is he like $10 per gram?.
Yup.
Do u know if he is home?.
Ya I actually just let him know that a friend will probably stop by to get some.
Sweet. Imma go up now. Thanks Man!!!.
Hey.
 ^Sean Kenney when he thought of ERB..
i never agreed to "battle" him. but I have to win. because its sean. http://i.imgur.com/CH32z.jpg.
You don't ''agree'' to battle SEAN. HE chooses you and you pray he shows mercy.. HOW IS THAT A JPG?.
im gonna ride away on my ritz from sean. and i think its magic.
Sean Kenney is a cracker... <--- Feel free to use that line in the battle.
oh thank you. very good.
I learned everything i know from the big man himself (SEAN).
his strategy is to just say he had sex with your ex girlfriend. that always wins. it cant fail.
Man, Sean bones so many ex's he is fucking girls guys havnt even dated....
sean-ception.
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/4464156_700b.jpg.
sean loves that guy~!.
sean is that guy.
Yeah, I just couldn't do the second to last problem.
Same here man. I cant get an answer!.
I got everything else, which would give me a 93 on the assignment, so I decided to leave it.  I just got the worst numbers ever and couldn't get the right answer.
Yeah. Maybe i should just leave it. 93 isnt bad..
Yeah, I tried it twice which took an absurd amount of time with the arithmetic before giving up..
Hey is this assignment u have 4 math 133?.
yup.
Have u finished it?.
Almost, I didn't do the last question fully because I ran out of time. /had to go to class.
So have u handed it in?.
No, it's due friday for me, I've just been studying for a midterm all week.
Oh, wanna compare answers tmr?.
sure, I'm going to be in doug studying all day.  Let me know when you're free.
kk. i ll shoot u a message some time tmr night!.
sure.  It'd have to be between 8 and 10 since I have a midterm ending at 8 and I'm going to get very drunk afterwards.
Ahahahah, Alright sounds good!.
cool, see you then.
U free if i come over at 915?.
Hey, hey Daniel, guess what.
wut.
on monday.....we get to have Mrs. Bat as a teacher again XD.
WTF>>> WHY IS PRESCOTT GONE WHEN WE WRITE TESTS!.
nope, tis for the class where dreams of being good at math die. oh, wait, wring, it's whenever we have our quiz next week. wrong**.
wut. tues.
she's going to sub for Mr Batt the day we have our quiz next week, I can't seem to remember which day that is..... YEAH THAT.
oh god... :(.
did Mr Batt leave that part out today in your class?.
Yes... I cant tell who I dislike more MR or Mrs batt.
Oh, you're just lucky that you never met Mr. Batt's mom.......there's a reason he turned out this way......
what is she liek.
ummm, she's worst than Mrs MacRae, does that clear it up?.
I like Mrs MacRae! So does that mean ill like Mrs Batt more?.
I Adore Mrs MacRae too!!! but you have to admit that she can be insane at times.
Yes. ahah, So how did ur group do on the book club 6.
I have no idea XD. Seshu decided not to show me, however, it was Seshu, so it should be a good mark :). How about your group?. AKA, the group that hated their book.
haha 39/40.
I may not know what my group got....but you suck -.-. I mean.....yay.
hahah, Its easier to be critical.
It's sad when others don't get that.
ahah.
hmm, I wonder how long it will take her to notice I stole the computer and ran XD.
aha.
aaaawwwhhh, it's no fun when they're fine with you stealing the computer >,<.
do something shesnot fine with.
but that could lead o my death. and that would be a tragedy the world would not overcome.
Would it?.
....yes, yes it would. just as the death of Chester would lead to a celebration.
Now that is somthing i cant argue with.
hahaha. but then the religion, Chesterism would die, and my Hitstory class might actually be productive, and apparently we can't have that.
hah.
I've been wondering. Why exactly did your group dislike your book club novel?.
wasnt a good book.
......no, I need more than that. try again.
I didn't like because it had no plot and was poorly writen.
that's what you get for putting not the Great Gatsby on your list. ;).
Already read ut.
...well fine, be that way.....
I WILL!.
I WILL eat your first born child.
i already ate him.
O.O. WHYYY!!! Do you have this need to do everything first?!.
I AM A GOD.
including eating your first born child. oh, well, your horible, that makes you another Kronos.
I am almost as great as chester.
oh god, I almost wrote something that's complimenting.....but, I can't just say that Chester's better than anyone....noooo indecision!!.
AHHHHHHH IGTG.
okidoki.
guess whoes back.
a freak?. Back Streets Back, Alright. you quoted the Backstreet boys.......wasn't me, that would  silly. see, I think its a lie that you're online XD. Now, this is very important..... ....Do we....actually have to study....for the test Monday?.
YES.
Oh...well this is awkward...... Are you sure?.
actually dont, see what happens.
Now you're trying to set us up for failure! Jerkface!.
i dare. yo.
YO WAT UPP MAH SWAGALICIOUS HOME DAWWG? WHAT U DOIN'? WHAYA U AAAYT?.
never.
The awkward moment when Jaclyn is a black women XD.
Story of my life.
Jaclyn being a black women is the story of YOUR life?!. Well, now she approves of you and is going to talk to you in Chemistry.
As the black.
That sir, is a dependent clause.
its a qoute.
That....that's not a quote.....
As the black - Daniel.
Well then, don't I feel silly, that is some excellent quoting skills you've got there.
YOU shoulf.
No, you're right, I shouldn't feel silly.
just quote me on ur test.
Okay, will do, then see Mrs. Prescotts face change as she thinks, what drugs is this girl on!!??.
sooo mean.
What is with people expecting me to be nice? O.O. Hey, hey Daniel....... on the math review.....are the almonds cheaper than the cashews?.
one sec. what number is it?.
I think it's 13 on ours. That is if we have the same one.
almonds are cheaper.
Are the almonds 1$ and the cashews 2.49$?.
yea.
good, I hate math a little less now...no I don't nevermind. Thanks.
np.
We didn't have Poli Sci homework did we?.
I hope not..
that's not exactly helpful or unhelpful....
Wish I could be more of a help....
sure.
Meet in the lobby at 6?.
sounds good.
Do u have rez project tonight?.
nope mine is on wednesday.
Do u know when it starts?.
i think 7pm. not entirely sure.
Oh okay. Dinner 2night?.
yeah sure im down. want me to bring anyone else?.
Sure bring who ever. The more the merrier $$$.
okey dokey. what time.
600. Im in class till 530.
looooooool have fun with that. ill see ya then.
Ahahah. Meet in molson lobby?.
ye.
The rez project was surprising bearable.  But it took 2 hours (And we were considered fast)..
Okay mine starts in over an hour.
I wish u good luck.󾆦. Dinner?.
sorry i was out all day :(.
ahah its cool, rain-check. $$$.
dolla dolla bills, yall. im currently in the library studying for this stupid midterm i have on monday.
that sucks! what class?.
biology. fuck biology.
ahaha that is such an early midterm.
dinner tonight ~6?.
Already have plans 󾌥 what about tmr?.
I'm out tomorrow how does Thursday sound ya scum.
Sounds good󾆥.
we need on your door scrb. knocked.
ahah, Im at the library!.
get the hell out of there.
Why u come a knock'n?.
midterms were today. stephanie has a picture to show you. i thought i might visit.
A pic of the midterm>?.
no. your doppleganger. but close guess.
haaha of shit i wanna see it. Dinner tmr?.
yeah sure. also steph only answered 5/7 questions. so good luck ol buddy!.
OH shit. thatss scarry.
if it makes you feel any better. i only got 86 on my bio midterm. i shoulda studies.
aahaha, some how it doesnt make me feel better!. Yo when we eating?.
fuck ive been watching dexter. my apologies. when are you feeling it?.
630? 7?.
sure either works for me. where to? the classic bmh?.
7 at the big bmh!.
okey dokey. ill meet ya in the lobby.
Kk.
Dinner tonight?.
You know it! What time?.
6 or 7 up to you.
630?.
Good choice. Meet you in the lobby.
kk. c u den.
I'm laaate.
Dont worry I just got down here. Are we eating with richard tonight?.
I think Stéphanie called it off. She's going out with her cousins. Another time.
ahaa Kk sounds good!.
It's ok i miss u be.
.
.
U going to twerk circus,?.
i dont have a ticket. not sure what will happen tonight.
Aha. Neither do I. Ill come up 2 the 6th floor sometime 2night maybe..
ok hun ill be waitin. maybe ill watch a movie. alone. and cry.
Spooky!.
ive been watching the nightmare before christmas. a classic.
Do u have a costume?.
only the one i wore to pandemic. you?.
Not really.  A half ass pirate costume.
great. I'm a half ass ship captain. we make a good team.
Oh shit, we may have to fight.
the loot is mine!.
I got loot in my last name $$$.
YO. WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?.
haha library y?.
awww shit.
whats up?.
dinner tomorrow?.
Sure thang!.
yeah dawg.
BMH?.
you know it.
Dopppe! 630?.
okey dokey. meet you in the lobby. steph wants to join. i know its a problem, but is that okay?.
Ahahah,  only if she promises to laugh extremely loud constantly!. but yea the more the merrier !.
she says ok.. yeah thats cool. see ya then boi.
CU DEN!.
pce.
Dinner 2 nite?.
I'm so down.
i just ate. ahaha. How bout tmr'?.
Fucker. Yeah that'll work. I'm still out with Tatiana.
ouuuuu!. ahaha, how bout 630 tmr.
Dude it's been 3 days now. Yeah that works.
kk. c u in the lobby then!.
.
Still on 4 dinner?.
Yeah I'll be 5 minutes.
Kk.
I good 2 go m8.
Coming.
Happy birthday doggg.
Thxs doooog󾆷󾆷󾆷. Happy belated bday 2 u too!.
Thanks boi. Dinner tonight?.
Sure what time?.
6:30?.
Sure. Meet in lobby?.
Yep.
. . Hey im gonna  be like 5 mins late.
Un-fucking-believable. Let's do dinner Tuesday.
yeeeee.
Noice. It's a date.
What time u wanna eat.
6?.
Suree.
$weet. Cya in da lobby. You can we do 6:15 so I can finish my laundry.
ye sure.
Dinner tomorrow?.
Out of town this week, but Ill be back next week!.
Ahh shit. Okey dokey. Yo bitchboy. You free this weekend?.
Naw, I have friends from fredericton coming up.. But After that Im free.
Shame. Some time then.
lol ye. u play league dude\?.
Yeah a bit.
U ranked?.
Uhh. I played my promos.
Oh cool,we should play sometime. Who u living with this year\?.
Freakin Jessica and Chelsea. For sure. I brought my pc so it needs to get used.
Lol, im using a shit laptop to play but it does the trick..
Solid. I just built the thing. So everything runs like a dream 😎.
Jealous, ahahah, I may need an upgrade soon. But im tooo cheap to dish out the $$$.
Man. It's that research $$$. Gotta pay them bills.
ahahah, Where u living btw.
Clark and Duluth. You?.
Aylmer and Prince Arthur. Clark and Duluth is close to my bro's.
Sick. Drop by sometime.
def dude!.
How was your summer btw?.
pre chill didnt work much so that was nice lol. wbu?.
Opposite. No chill worked the whole time. Yeah I saw your snap stories. Weird dude.
Lol Yea, Summer was good, back  im glad to be back. where did u work?.
In a lab doing spinal cord research. It was a time.
jesus,  that sounds intense.
Call me Dr hacker.
ahahah, u still looking to go to law schoool? or back to the med school dream.
No I still want law school. But keeping options open. Also it was a sick hookup I couldn't decline.
Yea tru, Anyways I gtg, hit me up sometime after this weekend and we can chilll!.
Yo. What are you doing tonight.
OAP till 8. Then im free.
I'll come hang out for a bit.
Sweet. Im going after class. At 530.
K in done class at 1:30 so text me around then.
Kk.
I actually died. whats your league name bruh. im getting back into it.
DilkKing add it up!.
Hey.
 k.
Ms.Mac.
you wouldnt happen to have all the chapter themes for to kill a mocking bird?.
Actually I dont. but you dont need them. If youre exam is anything like ours.
I dont have her. :( i wish i did.
Yes. yes you do :P Who do you have?.
MISS Smith :'(.
Ouch. Marco has her too. I've heard...interesting things.
Interesting as in i fucking hater her, that kind of interesting...?.
Now not really that as much "She's not really that smart kind of a lunatic".
so true.
Not a fan I take it :P.
LOLZ yes.
How bad is she?.
She is pretty dull..
dull?.
what<( )>.
Is that all. she's just dull.
Dumb as a wall.
Let's not insult walls.
r u der?.
Not 7 hours ago.
wHat is the deal for assembly????.
Good question.
How much coffee do we want, and if we get it donated do we want it brewed for us?U get my gift yet?.
what what what. idk on the coffee, ask neville tomorrow, brewed should be yes, and what.
ill take that as a no..
yes.
Can you send me the Marxist critical theory hand out?.
Here you go. ONE DAY.
I am having trouble rendering the AVCHD video, any tips?.
Specific error? Imovie was fine, and you have the right files?.
the issue is when I render, it outputs the audio, but only still images from the video..
Okay, I don't think that's an avchd thing. what format does my camera output in? MOV?.
What do we need to write for the body paragraphs?.
well. uh. body paragraphs. she didnt give us any notes on them.
just general paragraphs....
Yeah. Explain your topic sentences. Remember how I discouraged you from the T4i? At this price, I reccommend ithttp://www.futureshop.ca/en-CA/product/canon-canon-rebel-t4i-18mp-dslr-camera-with-18-55mm-f-3-5-5-6-is-ii-lens-kit-eos-t4i-18-55/10195080.aspx?path=7481175172c2ba60dcaf8e98d6f2d3bden02. And, futureshop's going insane on DSLRs overall, so I encourage you to take a look.
not worth the extra 100 for a'nice' interface..
yeah, but you still get some processing upgrades and stuff. It's worth it.That being said T3i is still excellent and saving a hundred bucks never hurt anyone.
then I can buy a 50mm lens.
Yes, that's a good idea. Those may be on sale too.
HEre dat posta.
worng dateeeee. also 7-9.
I so its the 28.
yessireebob. i assume you can change that easily. same with time.
I didnt it in paint soo noooo. LOLJK. YEHA. i can change it easy.
Actually. I merged all the layers. for fun. and deleted the version with layers.
HUR.
ty bbg.
.
jaime. Now, do you think that one type is the best way to go?. Or should I go for multiple types.. And, since you're my campaign manager now (surprise!) I need some help on my speech. What do you think I should cover?.
The speech should cover, events, how you plan on making the SRC more inclusive, and why you are the man to do the job. But most of all jokes! Lots of jokes.
yes sir!. Okay. What do you think of these. I'll need a current picture of me in a suit. and idk what to say in the words area.
Lol, a little cliche. I like the first one best.
haha. well I was working on this idea. and I have this. This is the colour and photo i'd like to use, but IDK what words to put under. I have three words that aare serious: Leadership, Hope, and Progress. Or I could go with three joke works.
You could do 2 serious and a joke?.
Think that'll go best?.
I guess by doing that it makes the whole thing a joke...
Well a lot of people like the idea of jokes. Jakob said the serious campaign was too heavy.
Most people don't care about the "Issues", You have just got to make them lol.
So any ideas on what words to use?. OIkay, i need some posters for tomorrow, so if you can finish some tonight by 8 or so. I`d like to get them printed. I upped the resolution on the text ones, so they look a lot nicer now. I may have lost the cafeteria. but cyberspace is mine.
LOL, I dont find Anna's posters stand out. You need the text ones..
oh god, anna's posters. she ripped off a bunch from last year. and people are mad.
ahah, really/? Who's?.
Nevilles harry potter, kianas keep calm and carry on, nike references. and some bloody smiley face. also I found this program that ups photo resolution. and its really good. Anyway, I'm thinking maybe 40 text, 20 ones with your image (saying hope, leadership, gorgeous) and 10 of latin american style ones.
That sounds good! Chunks of text are key.
Yeah, i have some really lightweight ones too. just gonna mass print these dirt cheap and put em everywhere.
#CoverTheNight.
FUCKING CONNIE.
What.
compare his fucking status. to my page's status.
Same format, lol.
three fucking points the same. and he nearly copied his last line word for word from me.
No one likes a copycat.
how do we make everyone fucking know he is.
We can't.
damn.
Can you film after school friday.
we have an src meeting. after that probably.
Sounds good. We can shoot Jacks then too..
perfect. his cover is copying my obama theme. daniel :'(.
LOL,  talk to him tomorrow about it, see what he says.
You in Montreal right now?.
Yea y?.
just curious. you saw my video right?.
Ya, are you happy with it.
Thought it was great. what did you think?.
Serious.
not good?.
It was good, just different from Anna..
I feel that's good for me. i liked it, but idk if other students will.
As long as the speech is funny it will be a diverse campaign.
I finished my speech actually. you wanna read it?.
Ill give it a read, and talk it over with my brother.. send it my way.
thanks man.
My brother says avoid using "I" and "ME". Also take the mic off the stand when you speak..
like remove them completely?. and yeah, I'll be sure to. That wasn't great today was it.
What the hell do you mean, people loved it.
aye?.
I thought it went really well. Far better than Anna's.
okay, well that's good then.
Did you get a chance to vote?.
I did indeed.
Well, who do you think will win VP?.
I voted Jack of course. And the race is between him and dorkus.
You think... No matter who wins I will be surprised..
Not surprised you mean?. I actually have no clue. thinking back on it. they all did okay speeches. and all have a good chunk of hardcore support.
I think it may go to Dorcus....
Yeah. possibly. YOU ARE DISGUSTING.
Dad? That you?.
js. js. Hey, do you think you can figure out which font I could use to parody this?. http://readvertisingblog.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/print_rolex.png.
I have no idea.
ty bbg. SD card. dont make me send people.
Shit. Ya monday.
yay ty bbg. yo daniel. valedictorian campaign. i need a poster. im thinking this. . wait sorry. wrong one. .
Ahahaha. I can redo one!. When is the campaign starting?.
Tomorrow. I probably won't be putting anything up yet. But tbh I'm kinda thinking that if you could update this one it'd be nice.
Okay. Anything in particular u want it to say???.
Can't say there is. it's valedictorian. I can't imagine I need it to say too much, right?.
Should it say vote seshu for valedictorian?. also do u want a new photo for the poster.
Yeah I'd say so. And I think I would. want me to take a selfie?.
ahah sure. Can u use flash, also email them to me @ Daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com.
will do.
when d u want it by???.
whenever. campaign is this entire week. so before friday. ok so I'll have some options for you. finally got them sent.
Where u send them?.
to your gmail. outlook's slow. it may take some time.
Okay, just goTHx.
You got em?.
Yeye!. . Heres the first one. Any edits?.
Sex appeal. I think its cool, could you do an identical one without words?.
.
Perfect. I think it'll add to the hilarity if I put up some posters of just my face.
aahahah yea. any ideas for other posters?.
i don't have anything. let your creativity fluorish I guess.
Ahaah KK. . MMM.
oh baby. damn that's something.
Hahah, It really will draw attention to ur campaign..
i agree.
.
I like the minimalism.
.
Hey.
 Hey chris and family :D Denmark is sweet , I'm having losts of fun, we arived at 3:45, over all it was a good flight it was cool how the greeted us  as we left the plain and we walked to a park and had a picnic and then wennt back to jakobs and ate again it is fun!!! Talk to you later:D. HEy family I have had a great past few days here in denmark, yester day we went to the highest point in Denmark :D I'm off to jakobs boat house. How's Fredericton????.
ehh its decent. a few days ago i went to Jared's dad's house on the north side. Its awesome! not too much is happening, i havent got a job yet.. hows Denmark?.
Good, I just got back from minicamp :D it was alot of fun, on our family week we are going to Germany Copenhagen and some beaches and amusement parks, it will be fun :D Any who say hi to the family for :D. Dear mom and dad,i have jus  returned from a day of shopping in odense, and i have gone to many banks looking to withdraw money, but i have been unsucsesful every time, apperentaly my card is not compatable with the banks. i have talked to pam about my isues and she has suggested for you to wire me money through western union, this is apperently a fast way to get me money now. please reply as soon as posable!!!Daniel.... i have sent this via hot mail to mom but when you get it tell mom.
hey dan.. mum wants you to email dad's email to say if you got the money and how your doing.
okay what is it ?.
what?.
what is dad email.
ok well they dont need the email anymore. Hows denmark?.
its sweet !!! i went to a theme park yesterday in copenhgen... it was sweet i went on a roolar coster that had threee upside down loops... crazy fun!!! i also visted some musems and castles it was cool. so any way im having a great time here. so how is every ... what is happening in the neighborhood?.
not too much right now.. jared's away at hockey camp and im kinda bored. we saw transformers two the other day it was the biggest pile of shit ive ever seen... by the way do you know where the disc to grand theft auto 4 is? ive been looking everywhere for it... oh and how expensive is stuff because mom and dad say that its really expensive to buy anything there... and have you gone to legoland yet?.
hey chris yeah stuff here is crazy expensive, it is like 2 dollars for a bottle of pop, so crazy but it is cool at he stores they always have crazy sales like i saw some wesc hoddies for like 50 dollars on sale and i bougt a wesc shirt  for 30 dollars.and i have not been to legoland yet. best wishes danielæøåæøåæøåæøåæ.
æøåæøåæøåæøåæ^^^^^^^^^^^^^What does that mean?And where is the grand theft auto 4 disc?.
... dunno i was bord and i dunno... go on line.
hey are you still online? cos last message I sent, you werent there....
chris tell mom and dad i need more moneyand to use western union to send it to merthanks.
ok, how much do you need?. ok you need your passport and this "MTCN" number:117-508-5017 to recieve the money from a western union branch. P.S. You better buy me sme kind of wesc item with all this money you're getting.
chris i have recived the money and bought you a present :( but sadly the sales in denmark have ended so i was not able to purchase a wesc iteam.  ithink you miightlike it. and i have bought mom anda dad a presant but not david what should i buy him ; i go to legoland tommrow so mabe somthing from there; any who im have a great time here cannot wait to see you in FOUR days bye :D.
hey hey bra surfs up from the cottage. i'll see you in TWO days. I hope you found something for david at legoland, by the way how was it? oh and I heard cole's call to redbar (it sucked)..
haha ya cole tolled me he called in 2 times and it sucked.
And I always find, yeah, I always find somethin' wrongIve been staring up at this tree just way too longI'm so gifted at findin' what gifts I don't like the mostSo I think it's time for us to have a Christmas toastMerry Christmas to all the douchebagsHappy Hanukah to all the assholesMerry Christmas to all the scumbagsEvery single one that I knowHappy Kwanza to the jerkoffsThat only work off (at Christmas)Baby I got a planCelebrate as much as you canShe find pictures in my emailI sent this girl a picture of my giftI don't know what it is with ChristmasBut I'm not too good with that shitSee, I could have me a good elfAnd still be addicted to them trollsAnd I just blame everything on youAt least you know that's what I'm good at (especially during the holidays).
Fuck off.
No, we aren't..
why?.
We are going, but not until noon.
where are you i got my laptop!.
Oh cool. I'm at the randalls.
Troy's?.
Nope, hilarys.
Come up. !!!!.
Hey, call home now..
Kk!. what do u think.
And after all of this work for the campaign, it really all comes down to this speech. All this work has been leading up to one speech. And for me, the work isn`t over, in fact it`s barely even begun. And if I win, I am going to do absolutely everything I can to help the entire student body. I will be fair. I will listen. And you know what? Even if I don’t win, I’m still going to do all of those things. Because I genuinely care about this school and all of the people in it. So, regardless of whether or not I get your vote, I still want to let you know that I am going to be working tirelessly for each and every one of you..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Htt4TX8_WKw&feature=player_embedded. http://funnyjunk.com/youtube/2756413/Freedom+of+Speech+WIN/. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JA4EPRbWhQ. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8Q-sRdV7SY.
http://www.stumbleupon.com/su/4j0nFj/helablog.com/2011/08/mom-don%2525e2%252580%252599t-read-%2525e2%252580%252593-mountain-dew-sonic-and-second-base/.
im here tell mom. lol. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQmkbPhz91s&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL.
India Talent Show - Warriors of Goja AMAZING.
Made this for you. . This shit is sweet!http://boards.4chan.org/b/res/369997952.
oh hai. mark.
Get to bed!.
you too kitten. And I can't sleep for Sandra is being loud and scottish.
LOL.. H8 u~.
Aw, love you too. I'm making waffles. want one?.
yesh! ,#. >Awesome!<3.
hrmmm, there was a hashtag in your last message... YOUNG MAN, ARE YOU SMOKING HASH?.
lol.
you didn't answer me and therefore I must kill myself. obviously.
Bye dead.
yep, because one's name is based on their amount of being alive. IDIOT.
FU\.
You didn't finish your word, son.
FUVK.
well, that's a bit better, but you didn't actually write a word.
bye.
YABYE. Guess what movie this is for..
what one?.
guess....
?.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=hYkQ2qlANhc#t=45s. http://www.stumbleupon.com/su/1QWDTH/www.tickledred.com/planting-a-pineapple/.
uther.
what?????. GAWD, now that disgusting Homer Simpson thing is finally off the message history.
lol, u go the kindle?.
what? Why?.
where are u?.
basement <3.
fuk ouf.
wow. That kind of language will not be tolerated in this institution(facebook).. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2Q7YRDL90E.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i7Skh2L8HM&feature=g-all-u&context=G21e0776FAAAAAAAAAAA.
http://www.fanfiction.net/s/6480487/1/My_Immortal_Special_Edition.
read the middle.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wC8ovJYAU3U. http://www.stumbleupon.com/su/AERBih/:1Vgqxi-Iq:Dc0@JjU-/www.bromygod.com/2012/04/01/why-you-should-let-me-touch-your-butt-a-presentation/.
lolz. u dere.
From the black screen we hear a sweeping orchestral melody; intimate and moving. SMASH CUT TO:EXT. TOWN FROM THE TOP OF THE WALL - NIGHTSpringtime is in the air on this particular night. You can see that as clear as anything else in this seemingly picturesque town. A charmingly quaint town square contains a town hall, general store, school house, and doctors office, with a fountain in the centre of them. Behind the general store that stands to the north of the fountain there is a line of elm trees that shadow a large garden behind it.The camera cuts from the square to the row of trees. It moves along them in a sweeping motion. It looks as if you could just reach out and touch the leaves. The camera then cuts to a row of well-appointed suburban houses, moving in the same fashion as the shot along the trees. The only thing that seems out of the ordinary is a lack of any vehicles or driveways attached to these houses. In fact, there are no roads at all. Just wide sidewalks and bike paths that connect the houses. When the shot comes to the end of the street, the camera pans upwards to reveal...A massive 30-foot granite wall that stretches behind the houses and across the entire shot. The camera then cuts again, moving along the wall in the same fluid motion. The wall is shot in an intimate way, revealing all of the little cracks and imperfections along its coarse surface. It cuts again from the bottom of the wall looking directly up it’s surface and into the sky, then from the top of the wall, looking down on the little houses and the tree-lined sidewalks. The camera pans right 90 degrees, and it’s revealed that the wall encloses the entire town in one giant rectangle. All of the residents of the town have their entire lives enclosed within those walls, and that’s how it’s been as far back as anyone can remember. The thought of breaching the wall somehow, or what lies on the other side is one that hasn’t occurred to anybody... yet.  The shot then moves slowly from the top of the wall and back down to earth. It is here that we first see our protagonist: STERLING KIMPER,19, walking lazily along the sidewalk with his hands in his jacket pockets. KIMP, as his friends call him is a dreamer- someone who doesn’t live entirely within this world. But as certain social and societal pressures begin to weigh down upon him more and more, he begins to get wistful. He longs for something that he cannot put his finger down on yet. On his walk, Kimp notices the soft sound of classical music (the same that has been playing since the beginning) wafting out of the house to his left. He pauses a moment and looks to the house. He sees a giant picture window facing the street. Soft yellow light, like the kind that comes from a Christmas tree pours out of the window. Then a lone dancer, dressed in traditional ballet regalia - dance shoes with ribbons tied up the legs, hair pulled back into a bun - dances into the natural frame set by the window. Her porcelain skin gleams in the light and her body contorts itself in flowing motions to the tempo and melody of the music. She drifts in and out of the window, as if on a cloud. Kimp takes all of this in and gives a slight sigh, taking in the beauty of the situation. He watches for a moment more, and then walks on. The camera follows him from behind, looking over him with his head in the center of the shot. Kimp arrives at a front porch. EXT. OUTSIDE OF THE SANFORD HOUSE - MOMENTS LATERAlthough all the houses we have seen thus far are quite nice, this one is particularly beautiful. That is because it belongs to the mayor of town, PETER SANFORD,43. A long time incumbent, Peter is slowly beginning to lose the once firm grasp he had on the people’s favours, due to recent violent uprisings in the poor part of town (The way the town is laid out, the richest families live in the houses closest to the town square, and the poorest live farthest away). Despite his lack of political savvy, Peter is an affable person, a good neighbour, and a fundamentally well-intentioned person. It isn’t Peter that Kimp is here to see, however: it is his son, CASPER SANFORD,19, Kimp’s longtime best friend, who’s in the midst of throwing a party. Kimp walks up the steps of the front porch and rings the doorbell. A few beats go by, and the door swings open. MUSIC: “Fractures in Plaster” - SuperchunkCasper walks into the frame of the door and sees that it’s Kimp. His eyes light up. CASPERKimp! I knew you would come! How are ya, buddy?Casper clasps Kimp’s shoulder and guides him inside. INT. CASPER’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATERKIMPOh, you know, same old, same old. Casper brings Kimp into the living room that is attached to the kitchen. The shot follows the pair through the house and we see what the party looks like. There are dozens of people crowded in all the crevices of the house. People talk loudly to one another, trying to speak over the din of the music and drink from red plastic cups. Couples make out on couches and in the corners of the living room. Kimp takes all this in, and you can tell that he feels at least a little out of place. KIMP (CONT’D)Wow, there sure are a lot of people here. CASPER(rhetorically)I know, isn’t it great? They end up in the kitchen where a large keg sits in an even bigger bucket of ice. Marble counter tops line the walls and are crowded with stacks of plastic cups and bottles of clear liquid in glass bottles. People play quarters at the kitchen table. Kimp grabs a cup off of the counter and moves over to the keg as he chats with Casper. KIMPHow are things wit you?CASPERThey’ve been better. My dad’s been driving all of us nuts trying to fix the whole problem on the other end of town. He’s locked himself in his room, trying to think of something now. KIMPAw, that’s too bad. Make sure to not let him near Hannah tonight, eh?CASPERYeah, I caught her a few times trying to walk upstairs. KIMPIf she ever got a hold of him, she’d be liable to shout his head off or something.CASPERI almost didn’t invite her for precisely that reason. They both laugh. The doorbell rings.CASPER (CONT’D)I gotta go get that.Casper walks out of the kitchen, and the shot stays on Kimp in the kitchen. He finishes filling his cup and walks into the living room, where he spots the aforementioned HANNAH PETERSON, 18, trying to walk upstairs.She is a strong willed, strong minded, outspoken person. This is likely due to her mother, JOANNA “DOC” PHILLIPS, the town doctor. Although the position of town doctor is a highly coveted, well paying job, Doc moved her family of Hannah and her siblings to the poor part of town to protest the inaction of the mayor and help any victims of the riots. Her main office is located in the town square, but ever since moving, she began to work mainly out of her house. This has cut down the number of riot-related fatalities down quite a bit, but has also angered the upper and middle class members of the town who don’t like to venture from their safe comfortable homes and confront the malaise that has plagued their fellow townsmen. Kimp runs over to Hannah to stop her. He gently grabs her arm. She turns around and notices who it is. They both begin to talk on the stairs. KIMPHi, Hannah. HANNAHHello, Kimp. You can let go of my arm now. KIMPI don’t think Casper wants you going up there. HANNAHSo, what’s it to you? I just want to talk to his dad for a bit. KIMPI think we both know how that’ll turn out. HANNAHDo we, now?KIMPYeah.HANNAHOkay, tell me then.KIMPPardon?HANNAH(playfully)Tell me what I’ll do. If you know me so well. KIMPAlright, fine. You’ll go up there, and knock on his door, all calm and collected at first. You’ll be polite and say something like “Mr. Sanford, sir, may I talk to you for a moment?” Then the second he lets you in, you’ll go on a tirade about how unfair the whole economic system is and how the town isn’t giving enough infrastructure support, how there aren’t enough jobs. You won’t let him get a word in edgewise. Then, when you’re finished and all out of breath. You’ll look up and see that he’s weeping. Just like that time you yelled at him at the last town hall meeting and he ran offstage crying. He’ll agree with everything you say, but won’t be able to do anything about it. Then nothing will change. HANNAHWell of course nothing will change if you have that attitude. Kimp knows that she’s baiting him, but he goes in anyway.KIMPOkay, that’s true, but look at the finances. There’s simply not enough money to do everything you think we need to. HANNAHBut there is enough money to give free electricity to everybody within walking distance of the general store? And why is it, exactly, that everyone on your side get all the jobs, while those on my side get squat?KIMPI know, I know. We’ve had this argument a thousand times and I’m sure you’ve had it millions of times with just about everyone in town- HANNAH(interrupting)-Your point being?KIMPMy point being that all this talk hasn’t really gotten you anywhere has it? I mean, you keep on treading over the same old ground while things just get worse and worse. Isn’t it time to take action?HANNAHAnd what do you suggest I do, huh? Steal from the rich? Kill the mayor?KIMPGeez, Hannah, you shouldn’t say things like that!HANNAHWhy? I hear it all the time around my neighbourhood. Maybe we need some sort of shake up in the system.KIMP(laughs)Just don’t let Casper hear you say that. The camera does a dramatic pull in on Hannah’s face. The rest of the party seems to get really quiet even though nothing has changed. For the rest of the conversation, the camera remains on Hannah. HANNAHI’m telling you Kimp, things are gonna change one way or another. KIMPOh yeah, what makes you so sure?HANNAHNature has a way of sorting everything out when life becomes stagnant. It’s simple science. If an ice cube sits out in the sun too long, it melts. If a mouse sits in one spot for too long, a cat will snatch it up. Besides, I can feel it coming, like there’s a certain... energy in the air. Can’t you feel it too?The camera stays on Hannah for a few more seconds.CUT TO:MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE. Also, I've considered your criticisms of the main plot point and decided that they're valid. I'm probably going to change it to where, yes, they have thought of the idea of what's on the other side of the wall, and yes, it's been brought up before, but people didn't try to find out due to lack of  resources/fear of what's on the other side. NOW, Kimp sees this girl and brings up the issue at a town hall meeting and people get all up in arms about it. They take sides. And any feud that was bubbling up between the rich and the poor gets calcified. Sound better?.
TL;DR.
Whatta dick.. CASPERHey, you made it! Come on in!Casper clasps Kimp’s shoulder and guides him inside. INT. CASPER’S HOUSE - SECONDS LATERCasper brings Kimp into the living room that is attached to the kitchen. The shot follows the pair through the house and we see what the party looks like. There are dozens of people crowded in all the crevices of the house. People talk loudly to one another, trying to speak over the din of the music and drink from red plastic cups. Couples make out on couches and in the corners of the living room. Kimp takes all this in, and you can tell that he feels at least a little out of place. KIMPJesus, there are a lot of people here. CASPERI know, isn’t it great? They end up in the kitchen where a large keg sits in an even bigger bucket of ice. Marble counter tops line the walls and are crowded with stacks of plastic cups and bottles of clear liquid in glass bottles. People play quarters at the kitchen table. Kimp grabs a cup off of the counter and moves over to the keg as he chats with Casper. KIMPNo, not really. How do you expect me to mingle with all these idiots? I mean, I’m going to have to sit in a corner and make snarky comments to myself if I want to survive the night without having my IQ lowered fifty points.CASPER(mocking)Kimp. Shut the hell up. KIMPI’m sorry, but it’s true. Now I know that this is the company that you’re keeping these days, so I’ll try to be nice. I’ll even mingle if I don’t have to talk to them for too long.  CASPERI’ve got a better idea. Hannah got here a little-Kimp’s eyes light upKIMPHannah’s here?CASPER -while ago, and you can tell that she’s looking for a fight.KIMPAnd suddenly the evening takes a turn for the interesting. CASPERYeah, you’re welcome. Listen, though, if you see her try to go upstairs, stop her. My dad’s up there driving himself crazy about the conference tomorrow, and I don’t want a repeat of the last town hall. KIMPOh, come on, she was being completely reasonable!CASPERShe made him break down into tears!.
KIMP(Kimp looks around the room, sees a jock chrush can on head.)Not really.CASPER(mocking)Kimp. Shut the hell up, maybe if you just gave them a chance.KIMPkimp looks at casper blanklyCASPERI’ve got a better idea. Hannah got here a little-Kimp’s eyes light upKIMPHannah’s here?CASPER-while ago, and you can tell that she’s looking for a fight.KIMPFuckCASPERYeah, you’re welcome. Listen, though, if you see her try to go upstairs, stop her. My dad’s up there driving himself crazy about the conference tomorrow, and I don’t want a repeat of the last town hall. KIMPno promises.CASPERShe made him break down into tears!KIMPHe’s a whore..
. . http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/27/nyregion/at-92-movie-bootlegger-is-soldiers-hero.html?_r=1&smid=FB-nytimes&WT.mc_id=NY-E-FB-SM-LIN-A92-042712-NYT-NA&WT.mc_ev=click.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvQh4psOOH0. The avengers was EYEFUKING FANTASTIC!..
Nice.
hows JPHmUN.
good, except for coffee house.
Shit what happened?. http://imgur.com/r/pics/R6PZ3.
AWESOME. New Villian for season five?.
Rap group most mef?.
June 1st, 2010To the SRC Selection Committee: First, a little bit of info about me. I am a sixteen year old, grade ten student at FHS. I enjoy almost all types of physical activates such as running, skiing, biking and hockey. My other interests include writing, reading, listening to music and watching movies to name a few. Academically, my grades are in the high 80s and low 90s. Recently, I have been looking to get more involved in events at the school which is why I’m applying for a 2010-11 SRC Executive position.A few years ago, I volunteered in the kitchen of a summer camp for several weeks. While I was there, I learned many of the ins and outs of working as team, as well as what it takes to accomplish goals within a group. First and foremost, it can’t be all about you; it’s give and take whether it’s working, organizing or sharing ideas. This knowledge is just a part of why I think that I would make a very valuable addition to the team that is the FHS Student Representative Council.Another thing I would bring to the table are my excellent organizational and time management skills. I tend to plan everything in my life, be it school projects or personal goals or upcoming events on my social calendar. It is my opinion that it is never too early to begin the planning process. That way, there is more time to determine exactly what needs to be done and when. It also allows time to develop solutions for problems that might arise in order to be ready for anything, should a problem occur. I believe that I have a very strong work ethic. When I am asked to do something, I tend to do it right away without giving in to minor distractions or interruptions. That way, the work can be done in a straightforward and timely fashion. Additionally, when doing my work, I try to visualize the finished product, or the big picture. I find that visualization has a big role in maintaining focus through all stages of a project. Examples of my work ethic are evident in my ability to keep my academic average in the 90’s while also working a job at Tim Hortons. But why, exactly do I want to be on the SRC? I believe in making a positive contribution to our school’s community. I also believe that the SRC would be the best way of making that contribution. I’ve heard descriptions of the position from current and former SRC Executives. Almost all of the things that they’ve mentioned apply directly to my skill set. The job, as I understand, is very hard work, but I believe that I possess the drive that it takes to get the job done effectively and efficiently. I hope you feel the same way.Regards, Chris Lutes. hai mark. what events are you going to produce?.
First I need to know if there is a meeting, or if i missed it... or what i have to do tmr.
yeah, but I don't think there was. at least I didn't hear anything. but all you have to do is stop by homeroom tomorrow.
Oh really, why?.
just so you can see what the sitch is.
okay, I goo wit ya, ya dick..
okay, cool. So what events are you going to produce?.
Battle of band film fest,,,, and i dunno what else....
ummmm whattabout yellow and black.
yeag.... how many do i have to produce?.
like 3-5.
k.
you should just do all the theatre events. It's what I did in grade 11. except mardi gras. but you should do that.
yeaf.
have you heard of modest mouse. ?. ?.
uea float ob]. on.
yeah, I downloaded one of their albums. this song is stuck in my head. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsnELWjsCsA.
itz gud.
yeah, exactly. I started City of God btw.
have u seen it.
halfway through then stopped. It's okay.
finish it..
mmm, later. that voiceover is fucking irritating thoguh.
i got subs.
yeah, me too. but Rocket just explains shit needlessly.
hahha, what eva.
there's like a picture of lil dice.
im sleeping.
and lil dice says: I'm lil dice. and rocket says "That's lil dice".
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svPRlZj-fuI&feature=related. THE BOBS.
That's fucking creepy. here. Hey, so Moonrise Kingdom comes to Freddy this weekend, so I'mma see it on saturday. I'll most likely go see it again with you when you come back, provided that it's still in theatres..
Hey im in paris:::.
Hey Daniel, it's your parents, remember us? Just touching base, wanted to make sure that you're good and we'll see you at the airport. Please reply to tell us how you are. Love, mom and dad.
I just got into Montreal, and my debt card is in my suit case, so I have no money for food....
...get a job.
I actually just did, I work here now....
oh really? Where?.
Im the town crier..
That's a weird job to be doing at the airport.
http://www.savewalterwhite.com/. can u get a growler for the party?.
I doubt it. Just talk to amanda porier, she's reliable. .
. bring down that book u said i would like...im in the basement. My latest film. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xTazNINwHM&feature=plcp. Iclude former head of state.takes place in 2000 jan 1Crime scene cleaner3 people have to die Karen no toesmillionaire rival, fucks with him..
HEY. http://www.theonion.com/articles/autistic-child-ruins-marriage-he-was-born-to-save,16914/. what's your skype name?.
daniel.lutes2.
Okay, cool. How's life?.
i rewatch season 2 of community today/.
Good choice. When does school start?.
go on skype....
Busy hanging out with friends.
wjy u talking to meden.... FUCK UR STUPIS.
iPhone. Multitasking.
omg so cool. are u in ur hall?.
Yeah.
i am working on that documentry....
How is it?.
FUCKING SICK. What u doing now\.
.
What is that shet??? 666.
SatanFest2012.
Dhit. look at that photo, does that guy in the blue plad polo not look like Macaulay Culkin .....
Yeah, a little bit.
when can u skype i have SRC gossip....
Oh cool, probably later tonight or tomorrow morning.
k. u partying tonight?.
Yeah, it looks like it.
f any b's yet?.
Skype now?. dude, OBAMA did an AMA.
already read it.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J71X2H5KAic&feature=youtu.be.
great sound mixing there buddy.
souldnt you be at a bar?.
Took the night off because I had way too much last night..
db.  did u add mum and dad on skype yet?.
Haha, not yet.
y?.
haven't gotten around to it, I guess.
one click. all it takes...
true. Did you get an update on the whole Neville SRC post thing?.
not yet.
I give you one job to do, and you give me this crap?.
what are u doing in montreal....
What do you mean?.
accept the thing from the lutes's. im on the desktop.
Okay, just a sec. Done. Hey, do you think you could get mom/dad to send over some blue sticky tack with my posters? I just found out that we can't put pushpins in the walls.. can you get mom to go on skype?.
k one sec.
did you see breaking bad?.
fuck yeah.
you still around>. ?.
what?\'.
There you are. how cool was that murder montage?.
Fuck man, I know... they stab soo fucking fast.
hahaha, yeah, and they lit that one guy on fire.
The other montage was sick too..
yeah, I'm surprised that it took them so long to use a song called "Crystal Blue Persuasion". what did you do last night?. Also, did you hear that Allaby is a VP now?.
go on skypr?.
Yeah, just a sec.
me too ill be on in like ten.
Oh cool..
SMOKIN DA GANJA. XXSWED420XX.
can you get mom or dad to go on skype?. skype?.
u still kicking around?.
Yeah, Skype?.
go onlinr.
are you at home?.
chea.
skype?. Just saw someone walk by with the exact same Obey sweater as you.
Am I famous?.
I think so. You're definitely a fashionista. skype?. skype?. http://imgur.com/r/4chan/4oP3N.
ahahahahaahaha.
Yeah, I laughed for a solid minute when I found it.
who was i ur room when i called?.
Jorya. We were in her room.
Tap'n dat.666.
Smoke meth. What have you been up to this weekend?.
http://imgur.com/7BY5h.
nice. jk, that's so gay. . http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2012/260/d/c/__heisenberg____gus_by_captainvendetta-d5eyzit.png. GO ON SKYPE.
skype. ?.
LAter.
i need homework help.
What subject?.
chem.
Just ask me here?.
it will be faster on skype... i cant explain it in text. ???.
I'm in a thing right now, how about in like an hour?.
man....
What???. Go on /r/terriblefacebookmemes. To pass the time.
im on 9gag.com/r/terriblefacebookmemes but nothing is showing up///.
.... Reddit???.
i joke.
Haha, good one. okay, now. GO ON SKYPE. . SEASON ONE: Start with the first season two parter welcome to the hellmouth/harvest. Skip ahead to the episode Angel. THAT'S ALL YOU NEED TO WATCH. You'll be saying that was kinda shitty, is this even worth it. KEEP GOING.. SEASON TWO: Watch the first ten episodes (up to and including What's my Line Part II) Skip the next two. Then watch the second two parter. Watch the rest of the season, but skip episodes 16 and 20. Over this time, you'll go from pfft, whatevs , this is okay, but not amazing or anything, to holy shit, this is pretty fucking great. You'll think you've reached this point when you get to the end of the first two parter, but the HOLYFUCKINGSHIT level goes through the roof after the second two parter (the episode is called surprise for a reason).. SEASON THREE: WATCH THE WHOLE GODDAMN THING. Seriously, one of the top ten seasons of TV Drama. ever.. SEASON FOUR: Not as good, but still pretty sweet. Watch episodes 1, 4, 6, then the rest of the season EXCEPT 18. The main villian in the season isn't as good as in the previous two, but there are a lot of really good episodes that stand alone.. SEASON FIVE: WATCH IT ALL. REALLY FUCKING SICK STUFF. And I haven't watched six and seven yet.. I didn't know you knew rj mitte.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj_vnjgBLTE&feature=player_embedded.
Skype?. http://imgur.com/a/IFoi1.
lul. http://i.imgur.com/4QUtp.jpg.
woah, blast from the past!!!!!!. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0124298/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0302886/ ???.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1819545/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0025282/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1525379/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1464174/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0430304/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099136/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0358273/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096257/.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120863/. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0576974/. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1347508/.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmqUlXQCAz8.
What the fuck did I just watch?.
You going to jail now!.
Hahahaha.
go on skypr.
Five minutes..
kk.
Actually, more like at 8:25ish. Should I call you or the family?.
me.
Okay, I'll need to talk to the family at some point to though.
k. call. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ri3BNrwoOs. skype soon?.
Yeah, I'll message you when.
kk.
Check out David's status. Stupid kids. HOLY SHIT. You know Pamela from Louie?. Skype?. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSK7U-szP0w&feature=youtu.be. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=Rce6HTFBaFg.
skype\.
can't. At library. Skype text?.
what about now. ???.
Nope, still there. Wanna just text chat? It's not that difficult.
kk.
Duuuuude, get A phone. And then get twitter.
yy?.
Skype in a little bit?.
l8ter im at josh's.
Kk, how late will u be up tn?.
12 to1.
K, I'll be at the lib til then but I'll Skype before that to give myself a break.
when?. i can any time after 630.
Ummm how about 9 or 10 Your time?.
kk.
http://www.mcgill.ca/applying/standards/canada/. OMFG, do you remember this?????http://media.giantbomb.com/uploads/0/8883/328296-freddifish2_large.jpg.
ffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkk.
I tried to download a torrent of it, but it won't work on my Mac.
link the torrent.
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/5539502/Freddi_Fish_and_the_Missing_Kelp_Seeds. As a bonus, read the comments and you'll find the coolest 15 year old ever. skype t/n?.
whats your adress, mom and dad need it for some form..
3925 University, Montreal QC, H3A 2B7 Room 634. Skype?.
30 minutes.
kk. Now?. This is super interesting. http://www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2013/01/freaks-and-geeks-oral-history. SKYPE. NOW. BIG NEWS.
what.
just go on skype, it takes too long to type.
ask mom and dad about the camera. ....
too lat. e.
:(. skpe?.
yeah, but only for a bit.
kk. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=xpKxtTPQ1Q8.
.
Are ur friends still here.
...no.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=y6Di8gTD4WQThis is dope.
is that justin lee???.
yea, Skype?.
haha, k.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=fl5kwJ7eJSo&feature=endscreen. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGxG-0pKG_c&NR=1&feature=endscreen. look at what tarantino is wearing for no reason.
he's so fucking weird.
ahahhha.
can you get mom and dad to go on skype in 15?.
kk. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Z81CZJtNNw.
What pic did you use in that edit?.
u and "jack neal".
Oh, okay.
skype..
Later tonight. When you going to bed?.
I wanna edit my paper. i want you too.
Okay, I'm playing risk right now, but I'll be finished kinda soon.
kk. with board game guy?.
Hahaha, exactly.
dope.
Whatchu up TA. ?.
chem home work.
Gas laws?.
naw, other shit.
Yeah, what unit you on?.
Stoicehomitry.
That's soooooo easy.
finish the game.
We're not gonna finish. We're playing for a certain amount of time and then pausing.
till when.
Dunno. How tall is Chris ariz?.
ahahah why>. 6' 8''.
The master is playing on Monday at UNB.
how>?.
Film society. I'll find you a link, just a sex. *sec. http://www.nbfilmcoop.com/fs/welcome___.html. Bubs from the Wire is on this week's bobs burgers. skype?. Oh right, you're probably at the master. just skype when you get back. Have you seen this week's top chef?!. Skype?. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9g931LC43MQ. skype? I have big news?. Skype later?.
where u at?.
She didn't get TIME's person of the year, but now she's nominated for something better: http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/02/01/16811670-malala-teen-champion-of-girls-rights-nominated-for-nobel-peace-prize.
Fucking infidel..... but thats good to see.
yeah, stupid people with their 'rights'. fuck all that shit.
Fuck you, I am about to watch amour.
NOICE. I saw The Big Shave, btw.
Thoughts.
It was pre good..
che.
Not like AMAZING or anything.
I just thought it was funny.
but it's interesting to see what kind of techniques stuck with him. yeah, it grossed me out. but the blood was soooo fake.
Yeah, I mean, I hope he doesnt shave like that every morning!.
I mean, the least they could have done was robbed a blood bank.
Fuck off movies bye.
I feel like that's what a morning radio DJ would have said if they reviewed that.
FOUND OUT HOW WATCH LAST CHANCE KITCHEN!.
How!?.
https://mediahint.com/install_chrome.html. mediahint.com.
Fanks.
u get it?.
I'm not in my room now, but I'll check it when I go up.
kk.
http://www.avclub.com/articles/breaking-bads-dean-norris-will-star-in-that-under,92542/.
HHHHHHHHHHHHHA.
Hahahah, what?. Can you see if mom and dad can Skype?. Bourdain did an AMA!. So the guy sitting in front of me on the bus is clearly high on cocaine.
how do u know ?.
Skype stopped working.
kk.
I feel like he'll try to murder me if I use flash. Did you see Top Chef?.
YES, you?.
Yeah, what did you think?.
SO HAPPY.
Me too!!!!!. I totally forgot about Kristen'a roommate.
Brookes kid was dead....
Padma killed him because he was getting more attention than her. Woah, the dad from submarine is in almost famous. What house are you at?.
U gonna pick me up?.
Where?.
house.
Fuck that get dad to drive you. There's pizza and new girl here.
no. bye.
Okay, have fun at home.
K, get ready got the interview tmr.
Lol, probably not gonna happen.
You said you wanted to be on and I told Mia you would be. LUKE'S DAD IS A FAG???.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAA. Yee.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH4.
Hahaha, with GUS, his 'business partner'.
G-ayU-sed carsS-exy.
AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH.
MARISA IS A THIEF?????????????????????????4.
Lol yeah.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tNp7RMq2h4.
lol.
.
Has Stanko lost weight or something?.
no.
Weird, he looks skinnier. Did you have Jane Babington as a friend on facebook?.
No y.
Okay, because I can't remember if I did or not.. If she did, then she unfriended me.
LOl.
That's so weird. Yeah, we were definitely fb friends, she sent me a message a while ago.
lol.
I can't even right now. like what the hell. http://www.pointerpointer.com/. Seger's picture on cringepics has 1300 upvotes!.
WTF.
right?.
Not even that good.
I know. It seems obvious that its fake.
Def Fake, Not Real Fake..
True. Have you uploaded more Karims corner?.
Not yet, should I?.
yes. Just upload all of them. That way you have a good base of videos. Then you can build on that with regular updates.
k.
Also, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jchIi-vR_js&feature=player_embedded. This looks AMAZING.
no.
Jealous?.
kinda.
THOUGHT SO. Also MCR broke up :'(.
never heard of.
My Chemical Romance?. Duhhh.
SHETTT. ME so PISSES.
Thought so. You use adobe for film editing, right?.
ya.
Kk.
y?.
Just wondering. I downloaded Final Cut Pro and wanted to shoot and edit some stuff this summer.
Lets do it.
Yee yee. Oh my god, more fucking meth addicts.
AHAAHAA.
I've counted at least four already and those are just the ones I can hear. We haven't even left yet. http://filmmakeriq.com/2011/04/22-diy-dslr-camera-rigs/. http://gorillavid.in/lfihbd3gs1py. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/SoYouWantTo/SeeTheIndex. Fuck This Gay Earth. I think I found a summer project: http://www.avclub.com/articles/parameter-2013-the-av-clubs-shortfilm-competition,96019/. "You don't know true terror until you've seen Verne Troyer's wikipedia picture".
HE looks neonatal in the picture.
oh my god, totally. I feel like he just doesn't have a body in real life and everytime he's in a movie, they just CGI his body onto his head.
Is he dead.
No....
Shit, he should be.... When are ur classes done?.
The 17th.
What is ur first exam.
Why?.
*when.
April 18, why?. skype?. I was just thinking... did FHS get any new bike racks this year?.
ya.
okay. good to know. everything is going according to plan. Have you read any zenpencils comics?.
http://www.smosh.com/smosh-pit/articles/movie-references-you-never-got-simpsons.
Oh my god, those are all so fucking obvous. *obvious.
bettre than most peopel.
I am, aren't I. I'm just on a higher plane of existence. Also, SMOSH. really?. what are you, ross mayer circa 2008?. "Our President cried and flew away on a helicopter".
haahahhahahaha soo good.
Hey, can you skype soon? I need your help with something..
I can like at 11.
your time or mine?.
mine.
kk. Hey, did you have your seminar today?.
HA. ya.
.
where u.
Jorya and Andrew want you to come blaze.
lol wut?.
Yeah, haha.
What are you smoking from. >.
Ahmed's bong. I dunno if we're smoking anymore though.
I am smoking a tight bowl in your room....
Hahahaha, okay.
lol. lolo. Climbed a hill yet?.
You home?.
ya.
Did you get skyrim back?.
ya. Documentary on this guy? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNKQzXDqstM.
Eh, I wasn't thinking documentary.
This fucker http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crZH23DclIY.
whatta dick.
Hes a bro. You up, tell mom that the session is over at 3 15... Or you could pick me up..
She'll be there at 3:15, she has a cheque she has to drop off. Come to Jared's after though.
Kk.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5ddjzGft0k. OMG codeacademy is great.
you up?. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XjgHEctcy0.
Did you watch it?.
I am watching it right now.
Tell me if its good.
kk. So far its really funny.
Dude, you gotta come check this shit out.
Where are you??.
Randall's, want me to pick you up? I have the van.
sure i am at josh's come in 30. minz.
Okay, what's the address?.
burden st. The House with the silver van in the drive way...
okay. We outside. COME ON. http://www.laughspin.com/2013/05/21/read-marc-maron-and-michael-ian-black-blast-each-other-on-twitter/.
What is your letterbox name?.
PresidentBaby. Yours?.
FangBanger101. 440-1949. Whats ur MCgill.com email and login?.
Why?.
I want to look at some shit on the site. I wont fuck with ur shit.
260497061 is my login.
No like ur email. and password.
omar12 is my pwd. Christopher.lutes@mail.mcgill.ca. Pwd is the same but with 34 added to the end.
k thz.
You around?.
Go get josh mac his beer..
Where is he gonna be?.
Sec.
Omg, Chris Arsenault is singing Hallelujah and it's sooooooooooooooo bad.
Why???.
He's off key as fuck. Whatta guy.
What kind of sick twisted party is this?.
The kind where Chris Arsenault sings, apparently.
How is it?.
FUCKING TERRIBLE. He can't sing. Are you in bed btw?. How's mono?.
Im gonna die..
Woah, what??????. are you actually okay!?.
Ahaha. Yeah. It just sucks.
Hahhaahahah, are you in your room?.
Ya.
Hahah, cool  cool cool. Hey, what's your schedule like?.
Ill skype u later about it. Not gppd.
K, I don't have wifi yet though.
Ur a  . When u getting it?.
ASAP, I wanted QBit to do it when she was here earlier, but she didn't.
How long will it be?.
I dunno, we were gonna call today but then Jorya had to go to ikea to buy curtains for the apartment. So we'll call tomorrow and hopefully it'll be set up by Friday. Album Review – Sheryl Crow: Feels Like HomeChris LutesSince Sheryl Crow debuted in the mid 90’s, she’s tried on a number of different personas: from earnestly personal to politically charged to, now, folksy country. It’s this guise that she wears in her new album, “Feels Like Home.” The subject matter checks most of the boxes for country - passionate flings (“Callin’ Me When I’m Lonely”), casual alcoholism (“We Oughta Be Drinking”), and the allure of the open road (“Shotgun”) - but fails to say anything interesting or original about them. At times it feels like literally every line is a cliché. Nothing on the album is worse than the cringeworthy line “Thank god they make waterproof mascara/ ‘cuz it won’t run like his daddy did.” Thankfully, some tracks are much more grounded than that, namely with the one-two gut punch of “Homesick” and “Homecoming Queen,” two brutal, emotionally honest tracks about lost love and the compromise that comes with fading glory. Here, the ostentatious noise of the rest of the album gets stripped away in favour of something more personal and real.  It’s too bad that the same can’t be said of the rest of the album, which is overproduced in the most inoffensively bland, radio-friendly way possible. The saccharine arrangements torpedo any nuance that manages to shine through. However, the good far outweighs the bad on the closing track, “Stay at Home Mother” which Crow whispers through, to hauntingly beautiful effect. It’s a shame that the album as a whole can’t rise above these few isolated moments of greatness.. how was your test?.
IT went kinda well. I finished so thats good..
thats good. did you see breaking bad?.
FUCK YEA.
pretty good eh.
Glad the bitch is dead.
yeah, great FNL reunion.
who?.
Epic and Landry.
hahahahhahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahhhhhhhhhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahah oh fuck. i forgot.
yeah, Landry's murder spree continues.
hahahah, hes a good killa.
and a good deliverer of ice cream.
ahah he seem like hes bipolat. polar.
naw, he's just a fuckin psycho.
Got 100 on the written part of the poli sci test. So fuck ur concise bullshit....
Whatever, man. At least I won't die of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome when I'm 20.. Wanna hear something funny?.
Hahaha what?.
I'm applying to direct an upcoming production of The Vagina Monologues.
Hahahahahaha. U dick..
hahaha. whatevs, bro.
Hahah. They will prob pick a gurl. How do u even apply?.
Yeah, exactly. You just submit a letter of intent and what you want to do with the play. Considering I have zero theatre experience, that's another thing working against me..
Haha ull probs get stage hand or sum shit.
haha, whatever, then that's a building block.
Ye true. Ur fucked tho if you get it... are u writing anything else for the Tribune.
yeah, I wrote a review of a play that'll go up tomorrow. Why am I fucked if I get it?.
So much work.  What play??.
What do you mna?. *mean?.
What play?.
The Vagina Monologues, like I just said....
Hows was last night.
http://www.theonion.com/articles/10-photos-that-will-make-you-angry-because-you-are,34026/?utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium=SocialMarketing&utm_campaign=LinkPreview:Week1:Default. Did I tell you about my film studies conference?.
No. Skype?.
kk, just a sex. sec. .
IS Will Gertler now Pat Thorpe. https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/994605_10201813645010274_940970606_n.jpg.
AHAHAHAHA, perfect. http://www.theonion.com/articles/thunk-u-for-nobbel-prise-me-happie-now,34171/.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDLgzRV-FwI&list=PLDbSvEZka6GH55f5mslJvMARzR5mj9_xp. GIrl at 5:27 looks like q-bit and Snorya combind.
hahaha, not even remotely.
ask them!!!.
jorya's right next to me, just a sec. she's "extremely offended".
AHahah, The ugly part is q-bit. #LOL.
hahahaha. ouch.
Still hate her tho.
jorya or qbit?.
Both, realistically..
hahahaha, what a dick.
Ill fight them when i get there.
You could probably beat up Qbit, but Jorya fights with knives.
No she doesnt..
whatever, man, you can find out firsthand if you dare. I remember when my grampa was dying on his deathbed and he pulled me close with tears in his eyes and said, "I'll be watching over you, make me proud. We'll be together again one day playing catch in heaven".I burst out laughing and said "There's no such thing as the afterlife grampa you fucking fundie pleb have you ever even heard of Neil Degrasse Tyson?".In that moment I flipped my fedora back on, pulled out my cape, spun 360 and moonwalked the fuck out of there, all the while pure euphoria rushed through my veins and the whole hospital melted from the intensity of my enlightenment..
aaahahahhahahahahahahahahaha. Where u get this.
r/circlejerk.
Lol. Did u ask mom and dad about me going to Montreal..
yeah, they didn't agree necessarily, but I'm pretty sure they'll let you. Just don't be a dick to them in the meantime and it'll be fine.
I killed them both so I think its a yes.....
hey, that works too!. howzz skool going?.
Suxz. H8 it.
Seriously?.
Yea. High skool..
more like "School High".
AMEN BROTHA.
hehehehe, try calling your teacher a FAGGET, that'll show 'im.
Hows ur skewl..
Pre gay.
Really..
That's how it goes in the good. *hood.
SucksToSuck.
True true true. Oh my fuck, Karim's accent in the video.
lolololol.
what'd you film it on?.
60d and t4i. that last shot was mine..
oooh, nice, should have mentioned that in the credits. This is maybe the best Key and Peele sketch I've ever seen. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st21dIMaGMs.
Hahahaga.
Baked to perfection!. I interviewed for Vagina Monologues today.
Go on Skype.
Yeah, for a bit, but I'm going out later.
Kk.
I'll have what I'm having!!!!!!!!!. http://imgur.com/a/jPZbQ.
Ahhahahahahhahahag. http://www.2013raybans.com/ray-ban-other/ray-ban-other-32005.html. For christmas. get me.
that site seems like a scam. where did you hear about it?.
Google.
yeah, no fucking way is that legit. $200 reduced to $10 wouldn't happen even if rayban were going out of business.
ahaha, They are knockoffz.
ohhh. haha, "only" $20 shipping fee. how considerate of them.
AHHAHA oh fuck. NVM.
lol.
What do u want for chrismika?.
dunno yet, I'll make a list.
Go On Skype.
What are you getting everybody?. can't, joryas skyping her mom in the next room plus im writing an essay.
kkkkkkkkkk.
Mexicans are just so dishonest. No, no, you misunderstood, I'm not a bigot! I just wish there were more honest Mexicans..
Lul wit?.
just a funny comment I saw somewhere. But that should have been your senior quote.
Ahahahah. It was...
weirddd. What production were you at?. pls respond. pls.
Ahhahahaha fhs... What else would it b....
what production tho.
Oh. White Christmas. Have u seen it?.
Nope. Is it about thanksgiving?.
Oh. Its basically the reason for the don't ask don't tell policy. And no, flag day....
wait, really?. It's actually about gays in the military?.
Ahahha. No. But I shipped it!.
what the hell does that even mean?. Like relationshipped?. Or shipped overseas like someone in the army?.
Ahhaha yes, relationship. U justed have to see it...
hmm, interesting. I found a wikipedia page for the move with the worlds longest plot description. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Christmas_(film). Is this the same thing?.
Yea imagine that but the girls are all ugly....
In the production you saw?.
Ye.
well no shit.
Ahahhahah. They are all gey.
gey like  s?. http://www.studiobananathings.com/product/ostrich-pillow/. wtf.
U want?.
Hah, if I wanted to look like an idiot I could do it for way less than 80 euros.
What up tric.
skype?.
.
what about it?.
Just sent it from my phone so I could open on comp.
Oh, okay... Cool!.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10202709659408756&set=a.10201701058034352.1073741827.1417142688&type=1&theater.
What the hell am I looking at?.
Cole.
I know, but whys he in a tropical place?.
I think he isn't doing finals and flew to a tropical place by himself instead..
What the fuck??? Doesn't that mean everything he did so far is useless?.
Yea....
you up?.
Nono.
Was there a bomb threat?.
Aggahahahahhaha. Yea. Have u seen the note.
Skype when I get back?.
When u get back.
Hour at the latest.
I'm at school fuck yard..
Wait what? Isn't it cancelled?.
no, it happened yesterday.
http://imgur.com/a/YHSbE. Dis fuckin guy. also, did school get cancelled?.
Ahahha. And No. Just a one hour delay....
hahaha, shitty.
I no. Are u ready for ur exam?.
haha, I still have some films to watch, but more or less, yeah. It'll definitely be my easiest one.
All mc?.
Like a third. Then another third short answer. And then a couple of paragraphs of writing. So not bad.
Then u buss it home.
Yup. Do you have the app QuizUp?. It's amazing.
Its only for iPhone.
Ohh shitty.
But android is getting it January 2014.
Oh sweet.
Are u best at anything.
Haha, no, but I'm #297 in the world for TV.
Not bad.... Not so bad.. Out of how many, 300?.
Haha, no like 50 000.
NBNB.
Yee yew.
Just saw James "i got kina fat" Berne.
Haha, is that name actually accurate?. Also what were the circumstances?.
Saw him at the mall. Did not say hi..
haha, did he see you back?.
I blew him a kiss...
awww.
Good luck tmr on ur exam.  http://i.imgur.com/F132T.jpg.
hahaha, thanks. Hey, I'm just leaving now. My phone's dead, but I'll try to charge it, but in case I cant find a charger, just be at the caf doors.. Here it is. I may have gone to extreme with the character too quickly, but it's only a first draft. Let me know what you think..
Pre good so far. Keep ritin. http://screen.yahoo.com/dress-rehearsal-exclusive-fred-ira-005203006.html.
haha too god. good.
Where u put the aloe BTW?.
under the stairs.
Cmon. Mom wants it.
I have it here.
....
...?.
See Dallas Buyers Club, it makes you want to have AIDS....
hahahaahahahahaahahahahahhaahahahahahaha. Did you actually see it?.
YEa, I just watched it! So good!. have u seen it?.
Really?. Not yet, no. Was Matty McConeghy good in it?.
So fucking. Good. Oscar material maybe..
Shit son.. But I got a movie that can beat it.. http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/9440136/Short.Term.12.2013.LIMITED.DVDRip.X264-AMIABLE.
HOly fuck. SO FUCKING GOOD! WOW. AHHHHHHHHHH.
Did you actually watch it?.
Yea.
Yeah, I thought it was fantastic.
Hows it rank in movies of the year?.
Top five for sure. Probably #2 or 3. You?.
Whats one?.
Inside Llewyn David. *davis.
and its probably a one for me, or maybe 2. Whats ur list?.
What Would one be?.
Maybe american hustle... but probz not.
hang on, I'll send it to you. http://www.imdb.com/list/XmbA9MRnl08/.
http://imgur.com/3fymxU8. Also america hustle is better than francis HA!.
haha, that turned out pretty good. And, nope, it isn't. Also, you fell asleep like five minutes into Frances Ha.
I went back and watched it this weekend.. not so good.
serious?. What didn't you like?.
Lack plot, could not relate to charectors.
Neither of those are actual criticisms.
Lack of plot is.
Fair enough, but I don't know how legitimate it is in the case of Frances Ha. The plot is that she doesn't have any money or a place to live so she goes from couch to couch alienating the people around her until she finally learns to be an adult..
does she tho... not really. i mean i guess.
she gets a respectable job. and her own place.
you explaining the plot of a movie doesnt make it good tho..
well no shit. If I explained the plot of Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen, it wouldn't become a good movie.
ahahah. Frances Ha, also had shit acting.
what?. By who??.
Frances!.
are you shitting me?.
SHE FUCKING SUCKS.
That's as close to objectively untrue as you can get with something like this.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. JARED AND SHAWN WOULD AGREE.
hahahaha, okay.
also girl from justified was in short term 12. i knew i knew her from somewhere.
I know!. I really wanted her to play Loretta. She already comes from a troubled past.
HAH,.
And the ending could have been Raylan Givens shooting her dad in the head.
Also Marcus, aka Keith Stanfield is a good rapper.
is he like an actual rapper?. And John Gallagher Jr. is a really good bongos player.
Yea he is. Also his rap in the movie is fucking amazing!.
yeah, it was fantastic. All of the kid actors were great.
Except for Nate. That guy was a real cock.
nate?. I wouldn't call him a kid. But he was an even better rapper than Marcus.
Your right he's more of a assthan he is a kid....
hahahahaha. true. You say asslike it's part of the human life cycle or something. like baby, toddler, kid, teen,  got, adult.
No. For Nate its not a cycle its just a line:  got,  ,  got... Ect.
hahaha, why do you hate him so much?. He just wanted to work with underprivledged kids on his year off from school.
Yo what the fuck is that suppose to mean?!?.
Hey, I'm sorry man, that's not what I menat. meant.
Yo how about you think before you speak. dude assNate....
hahaha, was that his nickname?.
Marcus gave it to him behind the scenes...
hahaha, I'd like to think that all the kids on set hated him as much as they hated him in the movie. I'm doing the jeopardy test in an hour.
Scared.
SO SCARED.
How it go?.
It starts in five minutes.
Ahhhhhhhhhh oh no.
hahah, what?. Finished.
How u do?.
No clue. They don't tell you your results ever. They say you'll be contacted anytime in the next year if you've gone to the next step.
Woe.
hahaha, yeah. It's annoying to not find out, but I can see why they do it that way..
Can you edit a paper for mr. mre. me.
which one?. The EU?.
YEa.
fine, send it over.
Thanks man.
skype in a couple. Don't fucking call me man.
SRRY FAGGOT. and im sick so can u just make the edits for me?.
No. It's 2500 words and don't have the energy.
cmon.
Well, that's a really compelling arguement. When's it due?.
tmr.
yeah, fuck it then. You won't be able to change it in any real way. learn the rules of grammar and then pick through it yourself.
FUCK OFF.
u mad bro?.
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/9452823/Her_2013_DVDSCR_XviD_MP3-RARBG. ARE yOU RETARTED.
hahaha, I'm already downloadingit. why am I stupided?.
Cause u havent seen it yet,.
have you?.
i watched it last night. it was pre good.. not super great.
where on your list?.
4 or 5 maybe. Also I watched spectacular now and Frozen last night....
thoughts?. I've seen spectacular now.
I got it from your list. It was not bad. not a huge fan.
Really? Why?.
Story was pretty good i guess, but not super compelling....
It seems like movies are just about plot to you.
The charectors were also just okay. there were some good lines,. i give it a 7.5.
the central relationship was so good. and so was the acting. Miles Teller had one of the best acting performances of the year..
BEst scene was with bob odenquirk and main character. when he was like asking him to stop drinking, and the main character says no, and then bob is like if i were your father this would be when i give you a lecture, and then teller is like, if you were my father you wouldnt have to....
hahaha, yeah, that was really good. I also liked coach as an alcoholic deadbeat.
He still stood up for the mom tho. (tamy).
hahaha. how was frozen?.
Pre GOOD.
Really?.
yea. i will lose best animation to Monsters Universty.
It was better  than that?.
YEa, Do u want to skype mum and dad..
Yeah, if it's now. I saw her. Her.
THoughts?.
loved ig. it. Joaquin Phoenix is amazing.
Hows it rank.
The script was fantastic, the art direction and cinemetography were off the chain. Did you see Sherlock?.
eyey.
And?.
so good]. u see it ?.
Serious?. Yeah. I remember when it was a show about solving mysteries.
thats true... it it set up next season.
I never thought I would ever compare this show to entourage, but here we are.
Ahah, Entourage?! Ho2. how.
I'll explain after my lunch.
k.
Okay, so it’s like Entourage because there aren’t any consequences anymore. Take when he has to confront his ‘girlfriend’ to tell her that he’s been using her to get into that guy’s office. When he gets to the top of the elevator, you’d think that he’d tell the truth, she would get upset and the scene says something about Sherlock as a character. But instead they get to the office and she’s been shot in the head. But not fatally. Watson attends to her and the plot basically forgets about her until Sherlock wakes up in the hospital, where it turns out that she’s used the situation to cash in. This both comes completely out of nowhere and lets Sherlock off the hook morally – she isn’t hurt that the man she was dating and nearly engaged to was only using her to get into the office she worked for, or that she’ll probably never get a job again due to her indiscretion and tabloid presence. This is problematic for a couple reasons. It cheapens the interpersonal relationships on the show by making them unrealistic. More importantly, it cheapens the character of Sherlock. He was originally an outlier – inhuman due to both his vast intellect and his using other people as a means to an end. What was interesting about the show was the contrast, then, between Sherlock and the rest of humanity. This central idea fell apart this season by making every secondary character somebody with a dark secret or violent past. Mary is probably the worst example of this, making a human, empathetic foil to Sherlock’s narcissism a trained ex-spy for the sole purpose of furthering the plot in this one story. Molly Hooper and Miss Hudson also became like this to a lesser extent with Molly holding the secret to how Sherlock faked his death and Miss Hudson being part of an American drug cartel (which, what?!). It weakens the idea of Sherlock as an alien superhero, not by making him more human, but everybody else less human. If everybody is special, then nobody is. Getting back to the consequences, they tie a bow on it at the end with Moriarty’s return. A character who committed suicide by shooting himself in the head onscreen a few episodes ago is revealed to be alive. If this is allowed to happen, then we can no longer trust a single thing that happens on screen anymore. What stops them from revealing that the bad guy from this episode didn’t actually die after Sherlock killed him in the episode? Or doing a double reversal and showing that GASP, SHERLOCK ACTUALLY DID DIE WHEN HE JUMPED OFF THE ROOF. It waves a middle finger at the audience while simultaneously affirming all of their worst tendencies towards ridiculous speculation. Nothing matters anymore because everything can be redacted.. Having said that, the sequence where he keeps himself alive after getting shot was fantastic.
UR A FAGGOT.
Lol.
http://m.imgur.com/GM0v1qm.
Cool!. Pick up your phone, I got david to bring it down.
.
whose profile was that on?. thanks.
jobby.
kk. Did you get it from he Save Data Utility?.
Thats ut. t.
kk. thanks. Did you know that Aaron Alexander Stairs started a business?.
Snorya owes me. What business did he startÉ.
She says she'll pay for your therapy sessions. And the business is "Persian Rugs Atlantic". Also, the USB thing didn't work. That's why I was calling you, to walk you through it.
I don't want to. Also what the fuck. Persian rugs?!?.
yeah, right>. ?. The owner of a persian rug store in saint john sold them to him because he's closing his business. so he's selling them now.
How much?.
cheapest is $90. most expensive is $22 000.
Ahhahahahhahahahahahah. How did he buy them?!?.
on consignment. I think his dad helped him. his low-end projections on how much he'll make is $20 000. high end is $50 000.
Hahahah. My projection is 0..
tell him that. He's got 54 to unload over the next four months. the average price for one is 2000.
Ahjahahahahhs. Who the fuck will buy them???.
People who want a nice rug, probably. Also, Patton Oswalt has a new special coming out tonight.
Cewl..
You're cut off from netflix now.
cool. Watch Cutie and The Boxer!.
I saw a trailer for it and it looks really good..
Best doc of the year.
serious?. Better than the act of killing?.
Yes.
shit son. http://www.reddit.com/r/mcgill/comments/1m5083/prospective_student_looking_to_do_basc_to_study/. Why aren't you just applying to arts?.
How u find my post?.
I was looking for something on your profile (which I found because I've upvoted you in the past) and came across it..
Arts computer science doesn't exist at mcgill no more.
ohhh, weird. I guess its strange that it even existed in the first place. But the fact that its still on their website is also strange. Did you watch The King Of Comedy yet?.
No. But I justed passed my drivers test!.
WOOO. Did you parallel park?.
Got parellel parking first try...
noice. How was the examiner?.
Normal guy..
ewww. Are you going back to school?.
Ahah fuck that.
HAHAHA SPRING BREAK. Have you seen the Lego Movie yet?.
Ahahha. Noooo. Have you?.
Yeah, we all went last night. It was fucking incredible.
Its a lego movie tho....
What does that matter?. It was written and directed by the guys who did 21 Jump Street. Also, it has an 8.7 on IMDB and a 95% on rotten tomatoes.
Ahahah fuck. Ill watch.  Is it still in theatres?.
yop. Just go to that instead of school. ps, do you have any footage from your camera that you can send me?.
Wut y?.
I want to learn how to use final cut pro and the only footage I have is a 17 second video that I took on my phone.
Hahaha. What the fuck.
what?.
Skype.
kk. If you ever want to get irrationally mad about something: http://www.microaggressions.com/.
Whoooo? Whattt?.
yeah, I just found it somewhere - it's where people around the world report people who were racist to them.
http://i.imgur.com/fBt4paq.jpg.
haha, kewl. I almost didn't recognize David O. Russell because he wasn't screaming.
Whats ur postal code.
Why?.
Jw.
h2w1v4.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/219b641621274687d8e007c474db3f0f/tumblr_n1dg8lpv191qdubwqo1_1280.jpg.
lawl. you and david should go on yelp and find restaurants you want to go to in Montreal btw.
Bike dyke kykes: Jewish lesbians for safer bike lanes..
How could that even be a restaurant. After Hours. Naked. The Battle of Algiers. The Celebration. y tu mama tambien. princess mononoke. Stories We Tell. Videodrome. elephant. the aviator. I'm seriously considering dropping my cultural studies major and switching to an economics major.
4 reallls???? Why???.
I just have so little patience left for cultural studies. And I have enough room in my schedule to do it.
Ahahhaaha. Do it!!!! So worth it! !!. Also send me ur resume?.
. Why is it So worth it! !!?.
Cuz then u can get a job? ??.
So to you, economics degree=job?.
Better than cult studs.
true.
How do you switch?. .
oh fuck yes. and I think you just do it online. Like there's no forms or anything to fill out.
Have you decided to switch yet?.
Lol, not yet. It's not like I need to make a decision right now or anything. At this point I'm very seriously considering it..
Why???..
why what?.
Do you want to change?.
ohhh, because the level of enjoyment I'm getting from cultural studies isn't enough to justify what I'm going to end up taking away from it.
Ahhahm so why economics.
1. It's interesting to me and I don't know much about it. 2. It'll help with jobs. 3. It's important politically. 4. What else is there?. 5. http://www.avclub.com/article/fx-announces-return-date-louie-and-its-soon-202179.
Niicccceeeeee!!!!+.
Btw quizUp is on android now.
Wadda douche. Want me 2 open and see what you got??.
Yeah, take pocs.
. Shitty.
http://i.imgur.com/MB5X6Ai.jpg.
Ahahhahahahahahhahahagagaha shitttt. Skype???.
This is the best thing ever http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FswfgcXD_pY.
AHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHHA. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaGm0OvxTss.
This AMA confirms every negative thing I feel about VICE: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/210eur/im_vice_founder_shane_smith_and_the_things_i_saw/.
What u mean???. .
HOLY SHITBALLS. good job. I didn't think it would come so soon.
Ahah. Neither did I, I sent it wensday..
yeah, damn. Did Rachel hear back?.
She hasnt submitted yet.
ahh. when do you rank your residence choices?.
I think I do it any time.  http://unofficialmcgillguide.com/residences/. Are these accurate.
yup. have you given much thought into it or are you still attached to rvc?.
Based on that review im leaning towards Molson or gardener.. Or Douglas.
what made you chnage your mind?.
The review it got on that site..
the fact that its quiet you mean?.
Yeye.
also, don't do douglas.
Y??. Imagine that the family oriented Brady Bunch had a child with the open-mindedness of LSD. Meanwhile the raging partiers of Project X had a child with the intense study habits of the youngest ever Harvard graduate Norman Weiner. And then these two children grew to a socially acceptable age and conceived a child of their own, that child would be a typical Gardnerite..
lol, wut. although that's pretty accurate.
Y no doug.
The people are terrible, generally. It definitely has the most consistent legacy of that since almost everybody there is a scholarship kid which tends to mean entitled and douchey. Also, it's even quieter than rvc. And, the building isn't really that nice on the inside.
Okkk. . In the FB Mcgill entering class page.
IT BEGINS. Also there are probably like, nine feminist radio shows on McGill's station.
ahahahahhaha GOOOD! CAnT WAIT>. In the group there are sooo many ppl frum france.
Also, I saw the vagina monologues on Friday. Oh yeah, that makes sense.
How was it. And alot of americans going into artss...
Yeah, there are a lot of international students in general but most are from those places. And it's too long to go into, but it was terrible, we all agreed.
U should have directed it.
Lol, it even would have been better if nobody directed it. Like the director came onstage before the show and apologized for its flaws.
ahahahahahah. What she say?.
I'll skype you about it later - needless to say it was kind of a trainwreck. Nathan For You comes back June 24.
ahahhahahSICKKKK. We are getting the GBH at cineplex.
I liked that status. I'm seeing it for free tomorrow.
How.
reviewing it for the paper.
Sick deal.
QuizUp is. On android now.
I jo. I have.
just challenged you in chemistry.
Do u remember Amelie from exeter? She is going to McGill nxt year!.
FUCK YEAH. http://tinyurl.com/p3yf6xa. Econ 208: Tuesday, Thursday, 11:35-12:55. Econ 227D1: 2:35-3:25 MWF. Econ 230D1: 10:05-11:25, MW. That's first term.
What are your other two.
First term I'm taking world of Chem:Drugs and either human rights and international justice or topics in American politics. What are you thinking of taking?.
http://www.mcgill.ca/study/2014-2015/faculties/arts/undergraduate/programs/bachelor-arts-ba-major-concentration-computer-science. Can u explain what I have 2 take. http://www.mcgill.ca/study/2014-2015/faculties/arts/undergraduate/programs/bachelor-arts-ba-major-concentration-economics. What classes should I take? ??.
okay, skype?.
10 ish.
My time or yours?.
I live in city called fredy beachBut everyone calls me a  georgian peach            Style like morris and a body like screech.Fred life is tuff but ill try to teachFrederictons cut in 2 by the sj river. If you jump in youre  gonna shiver.Hungr for pizza get a slice or sliver Jacks or lunna they both deliver    Were home the art gallery called the bever brookThe paintings there are truely off the hook,                                          Go  owlsnest if your browsing for a bookTrying to find something specific you may have to look       The stately elm is where I re.
reside,. New Brunswick for life yeah I got that pride.
Hopewell rocks you may have heard of the tide So all the other provinces better step aside. Woodside is the king of cty hallAnd tweenz are the king of the regent mallIm on the mike so lets play ballLyrics are tighter than a margin call   So thats a lil bio on fredericton The city in my heart that's number one.
.
https://scontent-a-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/t1.0-9/10314575_10203663307093624_2818598039443518435_n.jpg. Tyson look alik.
.
. Can u write the conclusion for me?.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaah. no.
plz.
nope. It literally needs to be three sentences.
i know. i knolw.
.
http://imgur.com/a/liD3a.
Saw it - pretty cool!.
u call yet?.
Twice with no answer.
lololo.
You there?. Class ended early. Can you pick me up?.
Kk. Comin.
Don't forget my card - its either in my front bottom pocket of bookbag or my pajama pants.
Kkk.
I'll get you something if you remember.
Its not in either of those places.
ummmm, my work pants then, the ones with your belt around it.
The joe boxer ones?.
huh? They're whatever's in my room/in the living room.
Omw.
kk.
u cominÉ. Whats ur work fone #?. can you send me ur crns?. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=22339622024&set=t.655680253&type=1&theater.
I can't even pretend to know what was going on there. I think I was on acid or something.
CRNs.
jeez. hold on. 1663. 1660. first was 228. *227. Second was 230.
kkk. what are the CRNS for second sem econs. ?.
Here it is, you can read it if you download the kindle app for your phone or computer. It's called Up, Simba! and you can find it in the table of contents.. 1591 1594. http://www.ebay.com/itm/NEW-2014-MAGIC-FLIGHT-LAUNCH-BOX-PORTABLE-VAPORIZER-FULL-WARRANTY/121253610953?_trksid=p2047675.c100009.m1982&_trkparms=aid%3D333001%26algo%3DRIC.FIT%26ao%3D2%26asc%3D22427%26meid%3D7614059397109482614%26pid%3D100009%26prg%3D9723%26rk%3D4%26rkt%3D10%26sd%3D171217144211.
Hey i didnt get into ECON 227 with the CRN 1660. So I am in ECON 227 with the CRN 1661. It is Monday and Wednesday 405 to 525. Switch in..
http://imgur.com/a/xfPgj.
https://www.facebook.com/Morningmadness97.9. Fuck off. Send me the 100 movie excel sheet.
http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070524593/. .
Tinder Story from reddit. I'm probably late to the party but I'll share because my tinder story is terrible, and that's what we're all here to see.I matched with this really cute girl, all of her pictures were professionally done, like senior pictures. We texted for a few days and she seemed alright, not exactly interesting or funny but, as any sane male using tinder, I wasn't looking for anything more than a hookup.One night she invited me to pick her up, because she was sneaking out of her house. I agreed and drove to her neighborhood to meet her. I called her when I was at the gate and she sounded funny, it sounded like she was eating and her mouth was full. Thought nothing of it and waited for her to come out.She rounds the corner walking kinda funny, and wearing weird clothes, like clothes a 12 year old girl would wear. (we're both 19) She gets in my car and she's kinda making a funny face. As she reached to hold my hand without saying hello, it hit me. This girl was stupided.Her little brother came running around the corner yelling telling her to come back because their parents were gonna go crazy. She yelled back out of my open window, "It's ok, I'm with my boyfriend. He's gonna take care of me." I shit my fucking pants. I calmly told her she should probably go with her brother but she wouldn't let go of my hand. After some convincing she went back with her brother and I sped the fuck out of there.She called me about 20 times, texted me saying she needed me because her parents were going mental being mad at her. I sent one text back saying she should listen to them and not sneak out any more and never texted her again.She still texts me to this day inviting me to go places with her family as her boyfriend, and I never reply.Now I Skype everyone before I meet them in person..
http://imgur.com/gallery/BtPd9. Call home - Somebody from CISV is looking for you. http://www.jewsnews.co.il/2014/08/05/the-japanese-have-some-questions-for-palestine-supporters-and-oh-are-they-awesome/.
Fuckkkk.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZMSIVEQeQ4&list=PLyt18AG4AHb-REaWmSbzF4zZkKLXuE_5G&index=26.
Hahahahhahahahahaha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DR_yTQ0SYVA. MUST WATCH.
http://www.biketrainerreviews.net/. My new fave website.
Kill yo self. whats ur addresss.
4055 St. Urbain. Apt 4. http://i.imgur.com/JI9ZFVI.jpg.
Ha k.
http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/apple-in-the-enterprise/how-to-create-a-bootable-usb-to-install-os-x/. https://screen.yahoo.com/cobras-panthers-000000740.html.
Hey when u ship stuff in rez do you need to give a code for the delivery guy to get in?.
No, the porter lets the delivery person in.
sweet.
Sour. http://www.electionsnb.ca/content/dam/enb/pdf/forms/P%2006%20101%20Application%20for%20SB%20-%20Demande%20de%20BVS%20(2013-08-16).pdf.
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/ex-liberal-mla-abel-leblanc-will-run-for-ndp-1.2669385. . Family.
Hhahaha, how is he related to us?.
http://www.theonion.com/articles/david-cameron-to-scottish-people-ill-kill-myself-i,36941/?utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium=SocialMarketing&utm_campaign=LinkPreview:1:Default. http://testbankexpress.com/samples/Goolsbee--Microeconomics%201e.pdf. here are the questions that are used on the quiz.. http://www.studyblue.com/notes/note/n/homework-ch2/deck/9500459. here 2.
http://gawker.com/this-is-how-your-vice-media-sausage-gets-made-1641615517.
Fuck that. Whens dinner?.
uhhh, friday or saturday. we don't know yet, but we will by tonight.
Haha. Kk. Who will be there.  /can I bring qbit?.
She's already been invited! And itll probably just be you, me, Jorya, Marshall, and Jaeden.
What Marshall like?.
he's a nice guy - I've spoken with him for all of five minutes so I don't really know..
Sounds like a real dick....
YUP. http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2014/09/29/lifetime_earnings_by_college_major_why_economics_grads_make_bank.html.
We're gonna be rich!!!. http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2014/10/03/serial_podcast_this_american_life_spinoff_tells_crime_story_is_riveting.html.
Oh shit, I forgot this was happening. Sounds super good.
I started listening just now..
Lemme know how it is. Also, Marshall's here now.
ahah, what is significance of that?.
I dunno, just trying to get a read on him.
Oh i see.
It'll be interesting to see what you think of him.
ahaha, whats his deal is he weird?. also what does he do?.
He goes to school in Toronto. I think advertising?.
U of T?. Ryerson?. York.
None of the above.
Where?. Humber college.
I'd recognize it if I heard it, but I didn't know what it was before Jorya told me.
Marshall Veroni?.
How'd you know?.
Search fb.. Get at me.. Whens dinner?. Tell me.
Ugh just a sec. Come over at eight.
Omy.
Kk.
Let me in. Watch the Grimes Music vid for oblivion. Mcgill is inn it\.
yeah, I heard. It's at a football game iirc.
REAL NEWS. http://www.jewsnews.co.il/2013/11/04/an-amazing-supermarket-incident-in-canada-muslim-woman-is-put-right-in-her-place/. TRUELY AMAZING!.
jesus christ. r/thathappened. I wish anti-islamism had the same sting to it as anti-semitism because that is fucking horrendous - 288 thousand facebook shares?!. And I just now started reading the comments.
Tiffanny Fairweather shared it.
Hah. I'm famous: http://instagram.com/p/t29vZbmo0P/.
Sick fucker.
http://thebruns.ca/dont-dine-dash/.
What?1. Eliiot?.
hahaha. Devin Patterson wrote it. I just thought it was a funny idea.
Oh shit hahaha. Kinda sad all and all....
haha, how so?.
Its a story about nothing. Whens our bus tmr?.
https://i.imgur.com/MKviaLX.jpg. 8:15am-3:40pm.
Ahhahahahahah thats too good..
.
thx.
send me question 11.
ill send mine llater. but it looks like we got the same answer.
ok sweeet.
big error in your work. remember that its thousands of hours\. not just hours.
yeah, I know.
BIG ERROR. DUDE.
it's like boxes of hours. one box contains a thousand hours.
THEN ur DWL is $320,000.
no. $320 because it's one dollar per thousand hours.
no.
counterpoint?.
how would a change of 60000 hours in economy cost $120. that is basically nothing\.
how would a bag of cheese puffs cost $10. we're not dealing in the real world.
Suit ur self. but I know I am right.
haha hold on. https://www.scribd.com/doc/237764973/Microeconomics-Goolsbee-1st-Edition-Solutions-Manual. ^from the solution guide for the textbook.
I think they are wrong.
It's the FUCKING SOLUTIONS MANUAL.
ahaha. Explain how (80,000 - 40,000)*(4)=320.
(80-40)(4)=320.
BUT IT IS 80 THOUSANDS. .... Thats what i thougjy. thought*.
hahah.
Like really tho. do u see what I am saying.
yeah, I get it. but I also see it my way. and the answer book confirms it.
ahaha. I honestly cannot see why mine is wrong.. There is no way it right.
Post on the econ group if you don't believe me.
fuck that. I know Im right.
hahahaahah. k. I'll probably just put an asterix on the bottom of the page.
Saying what. Hey Galiana Daniel is right.
http://www.clickhole.com/article/8-signs-hes-cheating-723?utm_campaign=default&utm_medium=ShareTools&utm_source=facebook. yup.
AHAAHHA. that list.
yeah, haha. take a pic of question 9.
Im at the library and my phone is dead. ill take it when i go back to rez.
kk. I just realized that the supply curve for that question would be perfectly inelastic. that's where I was going wrong..
in 9.
yeah.
i did that at first but it doesnt say that there are 40 spots fixed. But that in that year there were 40 spots.
no.
is has to do with howmany they will supply.
Your university has an honors program that accepts exactly 40 freshmen each year. verbatem from the problem.
fuck yeak. that makes the question so much easier. wut ev.
yeah, exactly.
tho. she wonmt look at it.
yeah, but WHAT IF SHE DOES?.
THEN PRACTICE IS CANCELED~!.
BUT COACH! HOW AM I GONNA GET TO THE NFL IF I DON'T PRACTICE?.
IM ELI. http://joemontanasrightarm.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/easye.jpg.
hahaha. what'd you get for 9b?. That's the only one I don't have now.
http://www.geeksandcleats.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/eli-manning-headshot-geeksandcleats.jpg. This is what I got. but I dont think its right. I dont have 9b or 9e.
He's so rosy-cheeked, I don't see how it could be wrong.. E is muthafuckin easy.
I didnt look at it. what is the questiob.
B) b. How does the way “price” is determined in this situation differ from the way we normally think about the determination of equilibrium price?.
What is the question E.
Instead of expanding the first honors program, the faculty recommends introducing a whole new one. Suppose the first was an honors program in science. How would standards change for the science honors program if the new honors program were in math? How about art history? Explain your answers..
oh yeah do u just make a new graph?. haah.
Math would be a substitute good. and Art History would be it's own thing.
Oh i see what they are getting at. haha. fuck that question!.
how come?.
imean 9 in general.
ohhh yeah. but once you get that it's inelastic then its pre easy.
B is just that there is no true inelastic supply in the real world maybe.
well yeah, but that doesn't really answer how program requirements are different from price. That's more dealing with Quantity.
y. *ye.
I was thinking that Program Difficulty can't really be quantified as easily money. but that seems obvious.
Yeah. thats all the answer can b.
makes sense. I can't think of anything else anyway. what'd you get for question 3. just the first part.
I have started it yet.
ok. when are you starting?. Also, how did your midterm go?.
It went okay. Prob got a b+ or so. Its an optional one though so if I did bad its no big deal. Im going to shower then start it. How long does it take?.
oh sweeet, and not long, took me like an hour and a half tops.
Dope. Ill do it then tell u what I get. Can it be submitted online yet,.
Don't think so. Apparently the brand new textbook I ordered on Amazon didn't come with a code for mystatslab either. So Im just gonna print it tomorrow and copy my answers to it..
Yeah.what question do we not do?.
Don't do 9, 10, 11, and 13.
Did we learn how to do 8d,e.
yeah, relative frequency is easy. Just divide the number in each category by the total number sampled and write whatever the decimal is. Wheels is 0.56 for example. And e) is d - a histogram just orders bar graph data by highest frequency to lowest.
is 3 as easy as it seems. also whats the formula for outlier.
yeah, that's what I'm wondering about 3. and it's z-score=(x-xbar)/Sx. also would 3a be 75, 25 or 76, 24?. http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/219w2o/whos_the_dumbest_person_youve_ever_met/cgbhkwp.
Kevin finished his first semester with a 3% average. He tried to bribe me with $11.. Does this look like all the formulas?. . Yo do u make ur crib sheet yet?.
Working on it now. You?.
Same. What is the mid term up to?.
I think everything before the hypergeometric unit. .
So Binomial ?.
I don't think that either.
kk. have u finished ur crub sheet?.
Nope. Have you?.
Waiting on u.. I havent been taking notes :?.
What?! Why not?.
IDK. when will u be done. srry.
I don't know when I'll be done.
HMmm. KK. What do u have so far. I have uptill Statistical Independence.
I'm on the general addition rule. nvm general multiplication.
Alright. So ur close to finishing?.
relatively.
SWEET.
When would we have to use the first partition formula. Also how are you making yours if you don't have notes?.
Whats that. Just from memory.
P(A)=SumofP(A intersect Ei).
lol never heard of it. Of.
well that's great!.
og. its common sense.
right. are radicals included in hypergeometrics and binomeals?.
Will we have to know statistical independences/?. Do u mean factorial?.
yes. !.
yeah.
That's a hilarious joke I just came up with.
thats before hype and binomials. so yea. also that joke is shit.
well.
BuT do we have to know statistical independence?.
I assume so. Since it comes before hypergeometrics and binomeals. We won't have to derive them or anything.
not bad,. done?. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HDaAe3SGJ4sfWuQ_iuLQ-Nz71Nm6d2-ZKTFtL4bTB_8/edit?usp=sharing. This is what I got.
what's the bottom right one on the first page supposed to calculate?. Also, Do we need to use linear interpolation for finding Tukey outliers?.
Idk?. Yea. We do.
kk. Want to go over the old quizzes between classes tomorrow?.
Suree. U DONE?.
I mean, kinda, yeah. It's all sketched out on notepad paper.
Can u scan it?.
I'll scan and send it.
thx!.
. thoughts?.
ITS GOOD. Seems to have every thing.
kewl.
.
Damn. American Horror Story Season 5:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kennedy_curse.
When should I come over?.
Not for a little while - I'm still reading the chapter.
KK.
Come over whenever.
kk. u there/. ?. urgent.
Yeah why?.
Whats ur netfilx password.
Why is that urgent?.
Just trust me.
When am I getting my duffel bag back?.
Oh shit. are u going to be on campuss tmr?.
Ye.
name a time and place.. ill bring it tmr.
Econ 230.
kk. sure. so whats ur pasword?.
Honestly I don't know. It's autosigned me in everytime so I didn't need to remember it.
but u should be able to find it or rember it. just try 2 or 3 thats u think it maybe.
oh found it. It's ••••••••.
.... man.
Hahahahahahaha.
what is it.
Netflix isn't loading. Omar123!.
with the "!".
Y.
whats the email.
My gmail.
chris.lutes2?.
What? That's my skype.... Christopherjlutes.
can u send me the pic of ur midterm. http://www.greenland.ca/event/view/run-the-jewels-club-soda-montreal-2014-11-27-413. Wanna go?.
!!!!.
Do u?.
yeah.
Get us both tickets and ill pay u back. DID U BUY EM?. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelly_Lamrock. Look how long his wiki page is.
Guaranteed he wrote the entire thing.
hahaha yeah. have u bought those tickets yet?.
NOPE. You do it.
I dont have  a credit card.
You don't need one.
ys. yes. how else would i get them/.
will call.
WILL CALL REQUIRES CREDIT CARD YOU FUCKING IDIOT.
fair enough.
so can u do it?. or send me ur info and ill do it.
just got them.
SICK. Im really excited for that show.
WOOOOO.
so are the randalls still coming at 6 tmr?.
yeah.
are u going to go get them. ?. HEY. QUiz.
yeah. and you can go get them.
u pick em up the night of. oh the randalls. no. they are going 2ur place. they should cab 2 u place.
ohhh, yeah, I'm not picking up the Randalls.
What u get for question 1?.
That one is fucked. 1.33?. You?.
same next. 6 to 3?.
I got six to 4. Do you want to just skype?.
I am at library. Shit meant 6 to 4. next.
Normal Normal?.
inferior normal.
why? They both increase with income.
.
You don't need to combine substitution and income effects to find the total change, you can just look at the total change. Both goods increase quantity.
The definition of total effect is Te = Se + Ie.
Yeah, no shit, but you can just LOOK at it and see the ∆.
DELTA WHAT. JUST DELTA IS NOT A THING.
GO TO THE GROUP STUDY AREA TO SKYPE THIS IS UNTENABLE.
I DONT HAVE A LAPTOP.
USE THE APP.
Skip that question. go to the next. i believe u.
Only Y and none of X. you?.
less of both. how would it be none x. the marginal rate of substitution would be soo high.
I got it from the facebook group.
ppl said its right?.
Someone commented the answer and it got 1 like from the person who asked the question.
ahah sweett.
ya.
nxt.
More Y Less X?.
i honestly didnt get an awnswer.
What?.
but sure.
Why?.
I couldnt figure it out.
Ok, but you're submitting first.
K. ill suubmit last. like snake draft.
and it's easy - her income goes down, Y goes up, so it's inferior, and X goes down, so it's normal. and sounds good. What'd you get for 6?.
sec lemme try it.
k.
.
Hahahahaa. Why did you photoshop my name so much.
did u get the same.
Yeah.
its paint.
WHY.
aight ill submit.
kk. Send me a screenshot of your submission.
.
YAY!. Send me a screenshot of everything.
. It doesnt give help.
Well, shit. When's the earliest you're available tonight?.
6 45.
ok.
want me 2 come by.
Umm we're leaving for the concert at like seven.
When y get back?.
9:30ish.
oh well ill come over then i guess.
ok.
Make sure ur back tho. text me when u get back.
I'll call you as I'm leaving the concert.
k. where is it at?.
University and St. Cats.
kk. ill be in rez by 9 30. c u then.
k.
phone died. message mee i u want 2 meet up.
Yeah, sounds good, have you read the chapter?.
yeah. where are u now?.
Birks, which closes at 5. Then going back to McLennan.
Come 2 the lib now we can do the quiz. there is an open comp next 2 me.
Fuck that I'm still reading the textbook.
Dude the quiz is soooooooex. ez. http://www.businessinsider.com/best-private-high-schools-america-2014-11.
true. and wow.
have u tried the quiz yet?.
I've looked at it.
dooo it.
I'll be over in 15 minutes..
k.
Come to the fifth floor conference room.
I dont have a laptop and my phone is dead\.
You can use mine.
KK. one sec.
Do you know where it is?. ARE YOU AWAKE?.
Bmh is closed. yo where r u?. . .
.
. FAT BOY. QUIZ TIME.
Im in class until 2:30.
K.
I got all of them except for 2.
I got all but 1. The toy company thing. what could u not get?.
I just didn't know how to do it and couldn't find anything in the textbook that would tell me. 1. is he should continue to run his coffee shop.
def he is. his profit is 160000!.
yeah, exactly, it's a no-brainer.
So why could u not get it?.
Huh? I did get it. Question 2 is what I didn't get.
Oh i though u were saying u didnt get 2 questions.
ohh, no. How'd you get 2?.
ooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
hahaha, what?.
CHECK MYCOURSES. GALIANA CANCLED THE MIDTERM. WTFFFFFFFFFF!.
no she didnt.... such a hilarious prank.
CHECK UR EMAIL. !!!!.
I just did and didn't get anything.
OH SHIT SHE ONLY SENT IT TO ME.
hahaha. what'd you get for 2???.
I DIDNT GET AN ANSWER.. I TOLD U.
oh. well then.
I CANT FIND OUT ANYTHING ON IT.
yeah, ikr?.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOUEq437-xU. Wanna compare. answers?.
are you gonna be at the library later?.
Im here now.
I'll be over at like fiveish.
K. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpF9moIJfYM&list=PL395715C08EDC9B9A.
. http://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/mobile/fredericton-dress-code-battle-grows-with-student-walk-out-1.2113882#.
Saw it lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8Bpp5nnKCU.
Run the Jewels got postponed. :(.
What!? Y?.
"Traveling issues". They didn't give a date, but if it conflicts with something it says we can get a refund.
When is it?. Shite. That suxz.
Yeah, oh well, I'm sure it'll be fine. It'll give me time to get more familiar with their stuff anyway.. https://twitter.com/therealelp/status/537693744670461952.
https://soundcloud.com/serranocarlos/kanye-west-vs-sam-smith-tell-me-im-the-only-one-carlos-serrano-mix.
good shit!. http://www.cinemaduparc.com/english/prochainemente.php?id=inherentvice#top.
Fuck  yeah. Man guess who i let into molson. Danielle leger.
hahaahhaahhaah. what?!. Why was she there?. Did she recognize you?.
I have  no idea. Also she may have.
hahaha. http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2np694/what_tasty_food_would_be_distusting_if_eaten_over/. read the whole thing.
Lolo. Quiz compare.
Have you done it? I wasn't gonna do it until this evening if you wanted to come over.
Already did it. Ill come over for a bit.
Sweet just lemme know when you're on your way.
KK. Do u want to go over all of the past quizes tonight?. I think it will help alot, because the midterm multiple choice were based on that..
yeah, good cal. https://www.facebook.com/groups/673875046065398.
There are premade flashcards on MacMillan.
coooool. Have you ever tweeted from my account before?.
No. Ahaha. Yo. U in exam?.
http://i.imgur.com/cypiiZO.png.
Ahah.
are you in mclennan?.
Npt yet. Y.
just wondering. https://www.facebook.com/events/1518556301752509/?ref=22.
I didnt do Contrivance and correlation. So can u do it. IT shouldnt take long. ill be over at BMH by 11.
http://i.imgur.com/HpTeOvs.jpg. https://www.robinhood.com/.
Do u have fox catcher.
Yeah do you have a flash drive?.
I have an sd card.
Micro or regular?.
reg.
K that works bring it up.
kk. u in ur rooom?.
Yeah where are you?.
my room.
http://www.clickhole.com/article/5-reasons-study-humanities-1617.
Lol. Chris. U there. Chrisssssd. I left  my bag in ur appartment. Im out side  ur door.
New WTF with Richard Linklater.
Eye no. Econ?.
Russian politics bruh.
Where is that class?.
Otto Maas.
I wanna take that class instead  of micro..
Hahah, you can sit in on it whenever.
Do the quiz]. Also : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAY0SIJHhqA.
Haha, do you know those people?.
http://www.cbc.ca/player/Radio/Local+Shows/Maritimes/Information+Morning+-+Fredericton/ID/2648219457/. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/08/john-wise-convicted-_n_4243276.html.
http://www.avclub.com/article/tommy-wiseau-ends-lengthy-chat-about-his-new-sitco-213204.
http://www.amctv.com/shows/better-call-saul. U there.
Yup.
When is the next time u or jayden or jorya will see jose?. YO u do quiz.
haha. no. Haven't read the chapter cuz I didn't think there was one becasue there wasnt one online until I checked this morning.
lol. its a long one. fuckkk.
SHIT. fucking Galiana. My class ends at four, and I'm gonna read the chapter now. Want to come over sometime tonight to go over it/. ?.
Ill b on campus. come to trottier some time 2 day. How long did it take to read.
I haven't read it yet....
oh. ahaha. when u coming to campus.
I'm already in Burnside Basement.
okay. read so are u finnna read it now?.
Yeah, I literally just said that///.
ummm...... gtg.
hahahaah. what?.
umm.....  back.
nice save bruh. So I'm assuming that you haven't read it either?.
CORRECT. Its gonna take a god damn week to read it tho. The blood work just came in..... I tested positive for dyslexia.
Well shit. Does it actually take that long?.
a week. yeas.
haha, like how long? It's maybe 30-35 pages (I don't have the textbook with me).
Idk probs an hour.
oh, that's not long at all.
per page.
oof. How you get literally anything done is a complete mystery.
ahahah when is ur next class?.
2:30, but it's recorded so I might just go home because it's easier to read from the physical textbook.
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. http://www.cantonrep.com/article/20130519/News/305199916.
^ Jesus, how did you find that?.
Ahah. Google  dawg..
damn. Also, I just started the quix. *quuz. *quiz. It's hard.
Ye i no!.
how much of it do you have done?.
Up to 10.
okay, I've done like two questions so far. You definitely got the easy ones.
Fuck offf. They were hard..
fair enough. Send me ur answers.
Im not at library.
where are you?. http://www.avclub.com/article/ifc-cancels-birthday-boys-214289.
Shit.. YO. U start quiz yet?.
Haha, haven't started reading.
dead beat.
You're one to talk.
im half done the quiz.
Oh shit, how is it?.
pre tuff. not long tho. 10 q.
Not bad. Mostly math or theory?.
all math.
:/.
when u gonna read it?.
Gonna start in a few minutes.
kk. Have u submitted et?. yet?>?. i got a 90 first try. send ur answers when u done. it doesnt give right and wrongs.
oh shit meng. Not bad. And I've been in class so I'm not done reading it yet..
Tell me when u finish ur quiz. b4 u submit.
yayaya. For the graph question, how do you determine the demand curve?. Like the y-intercept is 60, but where do I go from there?.
sec.
Also, is it question nine on your page, or are they all jumbled?.
Yeah. whats ur questions. .
kk, cool. I'm more or less ready to go over it. 1. 20?.
What?.
for question 1. Skype??.
10 mins.
kk.
go online.
Are you in mclennan right now?.
Lol no. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AhXSoKa8xw. have u looked at the quiz yet?.
Holy shit Kendrick. and nope, how is it?.
Ur gonna have to do it this time. and give ansers.
yayaya, I did the same last time. It seems more theory-based from what I saw in the group.
yeeah. it is, if u read the chapter it should be easy.
kk, sweet, I'll message you tonight.
thx dawh. dawg.
1) involves participants revealing their strategies at the same time without knowing the strategies of their opponent2) ESPN no dominant strategy3) large expansion4) low price in period 7 and all future periods5) low, up6) player 2 has no dominant strategy7) pass omnibus bill, president allows8) After playing up, give Player 2 a payment of 3 to play down9) Earl and Duvall10) Roadrunner's dominant strategy is: Run; Coyote's dominant strategy is: Dynamite11) Elvis: bump, Ferris: Twist12) down left13) The Nash equilibrium is: LAG expands, BAG doesn't expand.14) Congress proposes the omnibus bill and the president signs it.. 100%.
Thx.
. Let me know if I'm missing anything. I'm gonna do a side b with more examples probably.
Email  it to me..
done. Also, for the Micro Assignment, the first two chapters have four questions and the last two only have three, so I think it's a fair breakdown if I take chapters 9 & 10.
Deql. Where in otto mas are u?.
Are you going to do an oscar pool?.
You any word on ur appartment?.
Yeah, at this point there's a 90% chance that we're gonna look for another roommate because that'll be easier and we don't want to give this place up.. Jaeden is talking to Jose tomorrow though and I'll remind him to ask about a place..
Thanks1! dont 4get.
yayaya, did you book your ticket. ?.
No u?.
nope, skyping mom and dad now.
What they say?.
We should book tuesday just so we know what the weather will be like.. In any case, we'd be getting the 7:00 AM bus.
kk.
Also, I don't think I'm doing the Econ midterm.
lol. have u done the questions yet.
Oh god no. Tomorrow. Do you have a live streaming link to the oscars?.
N0 du u.
http://tvtoss.com/pages/player.php?ch_id=1018430662&ctd=2&t=U.S.A%20TV%20Channels. Link #4 Works best.
who has won what?. ..
Jared has 13. I have 12. You have 11. Also, Birdman just fucking won screenplay over Boyhood.
Uh. Im tired of all this teenie bopper bullshit. Hollywood  needs to grow a pair! Amirite!.
Damn straight.
.
Hahaha. Have you done the problems yet?.
Still Working I could be here awhile.
yeah, I hear you. check out the econ group if you haven't already.
No one is posting on my questions.
why don't you post em?.
I dont have questions that I cant answer yet.
Haha, so what's the problem?.
Its just soo much shit.
oh really? Yeah, I'm on chapter 10 and one has five parts and the other has seven. I feel like there's a better way to structure questions than this....
mine has 10 parts.
jesus.
When u gunna b done?.
half an hour maybe. I'm on the last one. Is MR the derivative of the Demand curve?.
ARE U FUCKING KIDDING ME.
???.
NO.
Ok, chill, that's what I thought.
.
I was just testing you. where are you getting those?.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME. .
hahaha, "business fish".
.
kew. l. Dude, those are some dank memes.
DO U R WORK.
back atcha.
Hows it going?.
Almost done - I have two equations left which I'm doing tomorrow.
kk.
How's yours?.
Real tuff. Ill finish  tmr. Meet at trottier  at like 230?.
Shouldn't we meet before class?.
Or like 130.
Yeah, that's better, but make sure you have it done before then.
K. a. Determine the profit-maximizing price and quantity that SmacFone would like to charge each type ofconsumer, and show it on the appropriate graph. Then, determine the potential profit that SmacFonecould generate from each segment. Because SmacFone cannot tell whether a new customer is an ordinary person or a drug dealer, it decidesto use second-degree price discrimination to separate consumers. SmacFone sets a Plan A price of15 cents per minute, but offers a special Plan B price of 10 cents per minute if a customer purchases300 or more minutes. b. Determine how much consumer surplus ordinary consumers would receive under Plans A and B. Whichplan should ordinary consumers choose if they are trying to maximize their surplus? c. Determine how much consumer surplus drug dealers would receive under Plans A and B. Which planshould drug dealers choose if they are trying to maximize their surplus? d. Is the plan SmacFone derived incentive compatible? (In other words, will the plan successfully directdrug dealers to Plan A and ordinary consumers to Plan B?) How much profit will SmacFone generatewith this set of plans? e. SmacFone is considering making some adjustments to their plans. One option is to change Plan B to11 cents per minute with a 240-minute minimum. Determine whether the new plan selection isincentive-compatible. Why doesn’t SmacFone simply raise the price to 11 cents without altering the300-minute minimum? How much profit will the new set of plans generate for SmacFone? f. Another option that SmacFone is considering is dropping the price of its ordinary service to 14 centsper minute. Determine whether the new plan selection is incentive compatible. How much profit willthe new set of plans generate for SmacFone? g. Why does lowering the price of ordinary service work better at creating an incentive-compatible set ofcalling plans than raising the price of the large-quantity plan?. The plan SmacFone derived is incentive-compatible. Drug dealers as a low-demand group will pay $0.15per minute and consume 120 minutes, whereas ordinary persons will choose to consume 300 minutes at$0.10 per minute. The total profit for SmacFone is the sum of profits from both segments, that is,$12 + $15 = $27 e. It is not incentive-compatible. Ordinary consumers would get $0 from Plan A and $4.80 from Plan B.Dealers would get $6 from Plan A, and $9.60 from Plan B. So, both consumers would choose Plan B,and the prices chosen would fail to get them to self-select. Hence, the overall profit would be $10.08. f. It is incentive-compatible. Ordinary consumers would get $0.30 from Plan A and $7.50 from Plan B.Dealers would get $7.26 from Plan A, and $3.14 from Plan B. So, ordinary consumers would choosePlan B, and dealers would choose Plan A. Such a scheme would allow them to self-select. Hence, theoverall profit would beπ Drugs + π Ordinary = ($0.14 – $0.05) × 132 + $15 = $26.88 g. Assume that the firm would raise the price of the large-quantity plan. Then, the firm would be “forced”to reduce the minimum number of minutes, and such an outcome would make the large-quantity planmore attractive to dealers; an event that is not desirable. Consequently, lowering. Hence, in order for ordinary persons to maximize their surplus, Plan B should be selected. c. Under Plan A, the drug dealers’ consumer surplus is the area under the demand curve and above the$0.15 line, that is Under Plan B, the price decreases to $0.10 per minute but requires the purchase of, at least, 300 minutes.Ordinarily, the quantity of minutes that drug dealers are willing to purchase at price $0.10 is 180.This plan forces dealers to purchase more minutes than they want, but offers them a lower price onthe minutes they do want. At 10 cents, drug dealers would purchase 180 minutes and get a consumersurplus from those minutes of $9.14. But, they would also be required to buy another 120 that theyvalued, although valued less than 10 cents. This gives them a negative consumer surplus of –$6. Thus,the quantity discount plan yields a net surplus of $3.14. Given that the dealers obtain $6 of consumersurplus from the other plan, they should choose the other plan.. the price of ordinaryservice works better at creating an incentive-compatible set of calling plans..
d. The new plan is incentive-compatible. The total profit = $12 + $15 = $27 e. It is not incentive-compatible: Consumer Surplus TableDrug DealerNormal PeoplePlan A$6.00$0.00Plan B$9.60$4.80Both consumer segments choose Plan B. Therefore, the total profit is $10.08.f. It’s incentive-compatible:Consumer Surplus TableDrug DealersNormal PeoplePlan A$7.26$0.30Plan B$3.14$7.50Normal consumers choose Plan B, and drug dealers choose Plan A, which is what the firm is going for.  the total profit would be πD + πN = ($0.09)(132) + $15 = $26.88 g. If the firm raises the price of the large-quantity plan, the firm would have to lower the minimum number of minutes, which makes the other plan more attractive to dealers, which is the opposite of what they want. So lowering the price of the service works better.. http://i.imgur.com/voiCtPB.jpg.
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2x477w/i_am_dr_joe_schwarcz_director_of_the_mcgill/.
weird!. What a cool guy - he does magic and collects rubber ducks. fu.
https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=1560802484160012. http://www.foxrocks.ca/local-news/2015/03/03/fredericton-man-charged-with-several-drug-trafficking-offences. http://imgur.com/vjLgOQP.
hahaha. Hey, how's the cheat sheet coming for stats?. Hey, I'll be over soon, I just gotta stop by an ATM.
Kk.
Just crossing Duluth now - I'll call if I don't get let in by someone.
Kk. U can just txt when u get here. I am all packed. So ill just come down.
Kk, I'm in the lobby.
K.
http://writer.inklestudios.com/stories/c4pg.
.
Haha, shitty! That's one of the two death options for my entire section.
Now i need to  find the can of lima bean.. The death is really well written.. U made a mistake tho.
Haha, what?.
Lemme find it one sec. The one that starts your youngest sister. .
Whats the problem?.
I read  it 15 times. Its just confusing.. Also the youngest sister reads as a real bitch.
Kk, I'll change it thanks. And yeah, I based her on DW on Arthur. Choose autonomy, intelligence and safety if you want the Lima Bean option btw.
Lol. . Insert model.
Haha, that was somebody else's section.
. Did u write this section.. Its pre bad..
Haha, no! And I know. I wrote everything up to the point where you get to the camp. And one of the non-death endings..
Its pretty  clear  when it transition  away from your  writing.  It gets way less enjoyable.
Haha, thanks. And that's what I'm afraid of.
Have u seen bloodline yet?.
No, have you?.
Yeah im 5 episodes deep. Its actually  pre goos. Good.
damn, I'll check it out. Does Coach speak with a texas accent?.
Ahaha. Nope but he does call every 6..
hahaha. What does a florida accent even sound like?.
Idk. But kyle chandler uses the thickest Italian  accent on the show.
hahaha, is he playing an italian?.
No. Thats the weirdest part.
he must be in disguise or something.
. He weres these most of the time.. Wears*.
he's playing groucho marx then.
https://mycourses2.mcgill.ca/d2l/le/content/158330/viewContent/2179784/View?ou=158330. u seen this.
oh jesus. god dammit.
Isn't it due Thursday.
yeah, it looks like it. Do you have answer sheets for those chapters?.
Imma search them.
kk. Did you find the answer sheets for econ?.
No.
Would you be able to message the guy who sent them to you the first time(. *?.
Already did. He cant find them.
Shit that means we actually have to do them....
Yeah. Wanna split them.
K, I'll do the first half.
What one are u gonna do?.
All of chapter 13, 6 and 10 from chapter 14.
kk Deal. k.
FUCK YEAH. thanks!.
are you hand it in at the end of class?.
ypu. Do you want to just type it all up in your own words and I'll do the same and then pass both in?.
yes. **ypu.
kk, just make sure to send it to me by 3:30 my time.
K. .
Perfect, thanks. https://scontent-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10155349_818735891495621_4659641034910648786_n.jpg?oh=a91712a80e20cb51cc882d4800ce2150&oe=55BE7F92.
Do i know these ppl.
haha, no, the worst guy in it was in rez with me.
Who is ur new roomate?.
Her name is Caitlin Okum, she's in c4. I think.
Okum on! Not her.
Hahahah agatha.
Yeah agatha is a real bitch.
Haha, autocorrect. I should submit this convo to 9gag. "DAMN YOU AUTOCORRECT".
Already  posted. Heard u made editor. So did eric noble  marks.
Haha, seriously? Did he apply for something other than A&E?.
No. He didnt. Who are ur co editors.
I only have one. You'll never guess who it is.
Neger. Qbit.
https://scontent-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/11895_10152007268726596_8290076813341053173_n.jpg?oh=701660cb38df41e6831038abb574e20c&oe=5572DE96.
Oh fuck. Ur fucked. Thr neal appeal.
'The Neal Deal".
What are the odds.
1/2.
Lol. Man im gonna guilt  u into publishing  so many of my articles nxt year.
What are some of your headlines?.
Scandal: two gay asseditors steal millions in paper money. Jack neal. More like jack steal, theif editor  makes away with millions. Brit theif is a real fuck8ng redhead.
Can you corroborate those claims with evidence?.
Here say and conjecture. All the prroof i need. So what do you  do as editor.
ruin dreams. I'mma be like JK simmons in whiplash. Only with theatre reviews.
Do u make the headlines or do the writers?.
Both. Like assigning and taking in stories, formatting them for the paper, writing a lot, etc.
Imma do all ur headlines. Also are article's must be in list form.
we are trying to make the paper a lot more like buzzfeed.
Can be emoji editor  for the  paper.
That's already been filled by Eric NM.
Fuck!.
Do you know if he applied?.
Or should i say: 󾓴.
hahaha.
No i dont talk to the freak show. Too tall.
yeah, did you know he was on the FX hit American Horror Story: Freak Show last season?. He was 'the tall guy'. Andrew Sharpe auditioned, but he's not tall enough.
Do u watch the mindy project.
Nope. Why?. Did that fucking bitch say anything about me?. btw, watch Going Clear - its a documentary about Scientology on HBO tonight.
Is it playing tonight?.
Yeah, torrent should go up in an hour.
dope. What time does it air.
Started at 9pm Atlantic.
Kk. Yo fucker. u there?. Deidre is here and ur gonna lose ur job if u dont respond.
thanks.
did u call.?.
yeh. (frozen yogurt).
What did they say when u went in?.
It was two security guards. and they were like 'we don't see anybody'. Like they don't have a lobby or receptionist. They were really nice tho. but nothing came of it really.
no job.
I mean, it kinda seems that way. though I didn't get any new information from them or anything.
Ur cut. so are u gonna take her offer.
Mom's explaining the situation to her now. I'm gonna send off a few emails tonight and maybe make some calls tomorrow, but if I don't hear anything by the end of the week, I'm gonna take the fredericton job.
Dude, u didnt get it.
thanks for believing in me.
u need clarity. no lies.
Like what I assume is that when I got those calls, that was them trying to set up an interview, and I've probably missed the window by now..
Keeping lying to ur self dawg.
haha, I just implied that I didn't get it.... Like it wouldn't make sense for them to email me asking when I could do an interview and then cut me before they could schedule one.
I just got an email. its from the federal gov. they wanted me to contact you. and  lett you know.... http://www.renautomobiles.com.au/images/noJob.jpg.
hahahahaha. I feel like ive seen that before somewhere.
Well youll being seeing it for the rest of ur life. #arts. Dont worry about hours tho.
hours???.
i mean like as wallace says:. http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41-WSa2Ni%2BL.jpg.
hahahaha. can't argue with that. skype?.
cant rn. maybe later. http://www.culpwrit.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Follow-Up.png.
hahaha, where are you getting these images/. Also, did you watch going clear???.
yeah. pre dope.
HOLY SHIT. I had no clue how fucking crazy that organization is.
I know. pre nutts. Working for the weekend:. http://picchore.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/drew-carey-hate-your-job-support-group-everybody-quote.jpg.
That's a George Carlin quote, why the hell is Drew Carey in that image.
Hes a better comic IMO.
Nevermind, after some snopes, it was drew carey. and i agree!. Though Carlin is the better Price is Right host.
http://36.media.tumblr.com/e175fc657e93285f2e63a4e8eb3729c9/tumblr_n1d3ruK0ZN1t7bpn5o1_400.png.
Is that innuendo?.
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_LwMNh_CZV34/TKIJjY8YJGI/AAAAAAAAAOc/vTa62LMGvbo/s1600/gtfo.barker.jpg.
data:image/jpeg;base64,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. http://www.alanzosblog.com/wp-content/uploads/david-miscavige-3.jpg. ^That's what I meant to od. od. do.
http://www.joeyoungblood.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/reddit-thats-not-how-this-works.jpg. ie thats not a fucking link.
Yeah, I posted what I meant to below it.
http://i.imgur.com/0KuwNNQ.gif.
Hahah, I like how Miscavige is somehow shorter than tom cruise. Also, that video interview with Cruise for that Scientology promo made him seem literally insane.
lol. I know. Fucking nuts.
Also, have you been watching a lot of anime on netflix??.
hahahahaha Not at all.
Has Josh?.
No. y cuz he is azn.
yes. I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, that's exactly why I asked.. Also, because I feel like he's mentioned it before.
dont worry I hate 'em too....
that's good to know. What did Holden and Josh think of the apartment.
Jose's?.
yeah.
They said that it was not that good. but its only 1400.
ahh, thats a decent price. Did they take pics?.
naw. we prob wont take it.
are you gonna keep looking or take one of the places you've seen?.
We wanna get this one. http://www.kijiji.ca/v-appartement-condo-5-1-2/ville-de-montreal/mcgill-ghetto-amazing-apartment-on-aylmer/1057386825.
Not bad. pre expensive though. Also no bedroom photos. Have they seen it in person.
Not expensive at all like 50 buks more than urs a month. also. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10155411096000346&set=gm.766652043454364&type=1&theater. all free.
Huh? I clicked the link and the guy says he's selling them.
free\ for a \ price\. skype.
kk.
imma call on the desktop.
k. http://i.imgur.com/ntLKDXt.png.
Hey what did u pay the for the iteams in ur appartment that the previous ppl left?. Also what did you get?.
Like 200 all together.
For what?.
Chair, Futon, Washer, Dryer, Dishwasher, probably some miscellaneous stuff I'm forgetting. Why/. ?.
Cuz the place  we want the ppl are asking alot for furniture. But the place is fully  furnished.
oh shit, fully furnished is a whole different story.
Yeah but they are  asking 5500.
jesus. For what?.
Full furnished.
so, everything?.
Ye.
like beds, seating, kitchen stuff, storage etc?.
Ye.
Make a budget of what you'd be spending on that stuff.. Can you choose to get it unfurnished.
no. The ppl are like "u cant have the place unless you get the furniture".
damn. Are you considering it?.
Were finna bargen.
huh?. Also, how much of Bloodline did you watch?.
all.
and?.
good.
worth watching?.
Yea Id recomend.
cool cool cool.
What is happening  to ur place after  u guys graduate.
Either you or Kihana can take it.
Mm what about ur other roomie?.
good point, it's too early to tell. What are you gonna do about your this year?.
Things are up in the air. We may get José's place.
oh damn, when will you know?.
Can u skype. hard to explain.
kk.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1490376357877984&set=a.1382184885363799.1073741825.100007169020265&type=1&theater.
https://scontent-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/v/t1.0-9/10516698_1479768788938741_1370972418070955156_n.jpg?oh=9c59a93ddc250b4fd68c8f321628b36a&oe=557240F7.
https://www.facebook.com/ossie.long?fref=ts. http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esciudad.com%2Fcasas%2Falquiler-temporal%2Fmontreal-quebec%2F5819128&h=zAQHdD1O5. https://www.mern.gouv.qc.ca/montreal/foncier/nousjoindre.jsp. http://evalweb.ville.montreal.qc.ca/Role2014actu/recherche.asp. . . . . . Feel Free to tell the land lord that we are willing to pay an extra $50 dollars a week. * month not week. mitchell@oceanwide.com. THis Is his email. Maybe the best bet. if he is in europe.
HOLY SHIT, SKYPE IN 10 MINS.
Can u now?.
NO. ON THE PHONE.
Whats happening?.
NOTHING REALLY. BUT HOLY SHIT WHAT AN ANECDOTE DO I HAVE FOR YOU.
What?. Who are u talking  to?.
I HAVE NO CLUE.
Ahah what?.
holy shit.
What?.
no time to explain.
Jesus. Did u call james. ?.
no. im talking to someone who i can call 'the female robert durst'.
Hahaha. Did they  call u?.
no. i called them.
What number?.
tenant Rights Hotline.
Oh. Why are u freaking out. Also get of the phone. What if mitchel is trying to call u?.
i have call waiting.
Hes a ceo he doesnt wait.
haha it would take two seconds to pick up.
When will u be done.
i dont know. probably five hours at this point.
Haha. U still on the phone?.
k now.
wut?.
skype!.
kk.
Jean Louis Berthet. http://www.clickhole.com/article/6-strategies-get-out-jury-duty-2177?fb_ref=Default.
Have you picked your courses yet?.
yayaya.
What u pic?.
Macro, Behavioural, Underground, Econometrics, Africa. That's fall. Winter is Macro, Economic Development, Topics in Economic Policy, Health Economics, and Transitions from Communism.
Cool.
yeah, men. g. how many of those are you gonna take?.
Idk.
OH MY GOD. So I'm about to meet with my paper group for my Russia simulation. Everybody plays a character, and one assignment for the class was writing a political biography of that character.. One of the people in my group is the Mayor of Moscow, and she sent me the biography that she wrote and submitted for marks to the professor. Here is one of the lines from it:. "Sergey Sobyanin is the Doug Stamper as Putin is Francis Underwood".
Hahaha.
Like, that's bad on so many levels.
hey can u send me the 227 assignment.
check the group.
thzx. http://unis-asms-students.wikispaces.com/Richard+D.
hahahaha, J'aime manger le pizza. classic richard.
Can I borrow ur stats notebook. I wanna scan it.  Can u bring it to campus tmr.
Can you come by my place? I don't have class today.
Yea. Are u around all day.. Wait. Walk here with it and ill buy u lunch.
How long will you be on campus?.
Im in rez. We can eat at bmh.
I'll bring it around dinner time.
Ill be on campus around dinner..
Okay, I can meet you there then.
Kk.
We should also start working on the assignment.
Ye.
When you gonna be on campus?.
Frm now till late.
Cool wanna get dinner on campus?.
Ye.
6:30 work for you?.
Sure. Txt when near.
Im leaving in like ten minutes. Where are you?. Also where do you want to eat?.
Quesada?.
Fuck yeah, meet there?.
Txt me when u get to mclennan library.
Kk.
Where u at?.
Meet in the lobby in three.
Mclennan  lobby?.
Where are you?. I thought you were in McLennan - are you at Quesada?.
Mclennan. Sec.
Are you in mclennan?.
Nope y.
kk, I'm here. Want to come over tomorrow to work on Stats?. Since it's due the next day.
Sure. Lets go to mclennan thogug. Though. Or trottier.
why?.
I work better there.
fair enough, did we have a quiz yesterday, btw?.
Naw. It was the last week one.
So we're done quizzes now???.
Yeee.
fuck yeah. How far into the econ text are you btw?.
Chapter 12 wbu?.
Chapter 15. It gets pretty interesting actually. And ch 15 seems to be almost all theory..
Yyeee.
Hey can you send the file of notes? I gotta start working on the assignment.
how u gonna look at it?.
Jorya lent me her iPad.
kk sec. . EASYY.
Thanks!!!!.
u look at the footage yet?.
Naw, the people who have access to the cameras weren't there when I left so I'm going in tomorrow morning.
hope that it doesnt get deleted.
Yeah, fuck.
did u buy it?.
Naw, none of the stores had the computer I wanted..
lollol.
I ordered it online and its going to get here on the 28th.
Hmm.
yeah, that's the best shipping they offer for some reason. do you know what the x's stand for in SSTOTAL ANOVA questions?.
Mean?.
I don't think so - there's no specification on which variables to look at.
Anova confused  me. I could only do part of question 4.
damn. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXiaSovLtEY. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX6kn9_U8qk. You really weren't exaggerating about his office being a black hole.
Ahahha.
I finally understand how bundling works!!!!.
Idfc.
󾌣. How far into the chapter questions are you?.
Did half of the review, now doing  all of the in chapter  questions.
How are the review questions?.
Decent. How is ur review  going?.
Pretty well - everything is making a lot more sense. I'm on chapter 13.
Yea. Def. U up?.
Yeah what's up?.
What part of 16 do we not need to do?.
The part on uncertainty.
Kk. Thx.
Looks like I got the gas/tire question right.
$$. Looks like i got 99.
haha. yeah, did you read that long-ass comment thread of people comparing answers?.
A couple. Makes me feel better.
yeah, me too. I had a lot more right than I expected. when do you think she'll upload the marks?.
Prob in 3-4 years.
Makes sense - I hear she's going on the Pro-am Vollyball circuit and that kind of thing would take up most of her time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u79rojbCzS0.
hahahahahaahahahaa holy shit hammer. is mark ruffalo on his team?.
lool.
is that mr ells from fhs? The gym teacher?.
yee.
also, where did you find this?.
some one posted it to fb.
is this an advertisement?L. Like, why does it exist?.
kiinda i think. Idk.
weirddddd.
yo u up?. stats q.
Yeah what's up..
can u skype.
Kk. are you in trottier?.
yye.
kk how long you gonna be there?. .
a wjhil. while.
ok, I'm gonna come over then after I eat lunch. you're working on stats right?.
ye.
ksweet. . . Something I should have added to my tails file: Sample size questions are two-tailed.
Well we both know that now. here.
Thanks!. Though it looks like there's something wrong with it.... Like as if both pages were compressed into one document.
is it 2 pages?.
I'm just seeing it as one long thing. Have you opened it in word before?.
ye . its cuz ur on ipad.
kk, so it looks okay on your end?.
ye.
kperf, that's all we need. I just saw cory... weird.
Where did u see him?.
I'm sitting at the kitchen table and he and alice got out of what I think was Smell Goldstien's car. can you try emailing me the cheat sheet so I can open it in word?.
Y.
nvm, I wanted to know something but I figured it out.
Did u see kmacks email. He said only your top 5 questions  count..
Oh fuck yeAh.
Oops. Jk.
Fuck you.
Ahaha. But it maybe scaled.
I was so excited for a second.
Seems like  every one found it long.
Yeah that makes sense. I don't see how you couldn't find it long. http://www.clickhole.com/blogpost/i-looked-my-sons-google-search-history-and-it-was--2265.
Lol.
Did you see your micro grade?.
Ye. How u do.
71. You?.
Fuck. I did so bad. 60. Lol.
Hahaha, damn, how did that happen.
So whats ur final mark. Idk.
Just calculated it and it's a 75.8.
Not bad..
So I'll keep my B plus for the year. You?.
B for the year. Fuck.
Ah well, that's a 3.0, which isn't bad.
Yea. I k..
Also, it means never having to do micro ever ever again. Also, I won $100 today.
How?.
Did I tell you about MindSumo?.
Ye. What did you enter on?.
The question was "Propose the next evolution of smart razor technology". I got an honourable mention.
What u say?.
The success of a 'smart razor' that is able to collect data is entirely contingent upon its ability to accurately monitor, track, and store the various facial hair lengths that its users have. If this is technologically possible, then I suspect we will see it take over the market of higher-end razors, displacing the electric razor with its segmented, pre-defined clip-on razor guides almost entirely. They aren't practical now and they certainly won't have a place in a future where the razor of the future exists. My idea is a relatively simple one - every time you shave, your smart razor will track both the length to which you've shaved your hair, as well as the pattern of shaving across your face. The second caveat is critical due to the fact that it offers the biggest advantage over any razor currently on the market - nobody with facial hair wants it to be completely uniform in length across their face. Most people with beards want a shorter trim in the cheek and sideburn areas, with slightly longer facial hair along the jawline, as well as the area between the nose and the mouth. With current technology being at a standstill of giving differing levels of uniform shave, the only way a person can get a more defined facial hair profile is by manually changing out the different razor guides or trimming down certain areas by hand, which is inefficient and time-consuming. The smart razor would have a mechanically adjustable guide that is permanently attached to the razor, which the user could use to control the space between the razor and the guide, and therefore adjust the length of their facial hair as they shave it in a matter of seconds rather than the minutes of frustration that come with experimenting with the right size of razor guide to use. Since shaving so often factors into the time-sensitive morning routine of many men, the ability to save even a few seconds of ones time should not be understated, let alone the two minutes plus this would likely save per shave. It would also create a shaving experience where the user would never again have to worry about how their facial hair looks, which is the type of freedom from worry that builds lifetime brand loyalty. Through the use of accelerometers, the razor would be able to track where on the face the user has adjusted the razor guide and can thus note how long or short a user's facial hair is on any given part of his face. This data could be accessed through some sort of smartphone or desktop application (which could connect to the razor itself either through bluetooth wirelessly, or through a micro-usb cable which could serve the dual purpose of charging the razor through the user's computer) which would give the user data on his previous individual shaves, as well as aggregate data on which parts of his face he shaves the most, creating a profile of their most commonly used techniques which could then be preset to auto-adjust as the user shaves, thereby saving even more time. The data that users get from a razor like this taps into a fundamental narcissism that people generally have about their own bodies. They're inherently interesting to us because they're our bodies - it's why heart rate and blood pressure monitors and bathroom scales sell in such high volumes. Any objective data we receive from the outside world that applies to our corporeal form fascinates us, and keeps us coming back if it can tell us what we're doing wrong and how we're changing over time.   The application could also use facial recognition software to load facial hair data from other users and celebrities so the user can replicate something that he likes - a technique that was previously only possible through sheepishly showing a barber a picture of who you wanted to look like, which users could understandably be embarrassed about asking another person for, but would be more than comfortable to do in the comfort of their own home - users could have Michael Fassbender's trademark scruff or Nick Offerman's legendary mustache without having to ask somebody to do it for them.  It would also offer the opportunity for magazine style sections to offer 'curated' facial hair ideas that could be pre-loaded into a razor, putting the user on the inside track of latest fashion trends, while offering the company ad revenue from things like GQ or Men's Fitness as an added bonus. It could also, through aggregate data, offer more normative suggestions as the user shaved. For instance, if a user missed a spot while they were shaving, the razor could inform the user of such a fact in real time through some sort of sound or light alert.. I feel like the market price for what I'm proposing would be like six or seven hundred dollars.
not gonna read all that whats the tl dr.
1. Replace electric razors with clip-on length guides with an automatically adjustable head that does the same thing. 2. Have the razor be able to run programmed shaving routines that learn how you shave and make adjustments for you as you shave. 3. Be able to download facial hair profiles from other users and celebrities and men's fashion magazines. 4.???. 5. Profit.
lame, dumb and unoriginal..
Can't say I disagree, but money's money. Holy, shit, did you just get CC'd on an email to Galiana???.
sec. nopel. what is it.
Oh Damn, It's a thing basically saying that the exam was unfair, and that some accommodations should be made to account for it..
screen capp.
They went into a lot of detail over what was wrong with it, and it was pretty damning. kk. . .
shite. who sent it.
Whoever it was sent it from the account econ230mcgill2015@hotmail.com.
ahaha. person must have seen their mark and freaked out.
haha, yeah, I imagine that's what brought it on.
ahah.
Though they definitely have a point, even if some of the stuff sounds kinda juvenile.
ahah, yea. I mean its just hard to agree with from her perspective. doubt she will do shit.
Haha, true, I don't see her even responding to this, honestly..
ye.
I doubt exam marks can even be changed by the professor after they've happened.
best she can do is scale.
Right, which she might do, depending on how much effort it would take.
She not gonna do anything. Think of her utility function for the situation.
I dunno, I could see her sitting down to do the function and just completely fucking it up. "It looks like I'll be more well off if I burn my house down.".
hahahhah. y u postit to group?.
I emailed the account to thank them for stepping up and they asked me to post it since not everyone could see it.
. soooooooooooo. ssssssssssmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrtttttttttttt.
hahahaha. that's me!.
u def made the account u tooo. toool.
hahahahaha nope.
man my young wan comment is blowin up.
I registered econ230mcgill2015@gmail.com but they beat me to. it.
.
Hahahaha, I saw that post yesterday and wanted to say something about it. oooh, controversy's a-brewin'.
ppl. are shitting on this. post that u made. can managment student not have curved marks.
Haha, I know, right?. And I'm pretty sure they can, why?.
ahaha. apperently not. lol. i mean nothing is gonna happen anyway.
huh?. And yeah, people are getting worked up over nothing. Chris Arsenault just got a job as a professional Vince Gilligan impersonator. .
.
how'd it go??. Also, do you know if Galiana curved the grades down?.
pretty bad lol. no. its our final mark. for the year.
That's too bad, though you probably did better than you think! And I saw people talking about that on the facebook group and there doesn't seem to be a consensus. Like some people's marks aren't an average of both semesters. but maybe they don't know how to calculate an average.
I check mine and urs. Its the final mark we receive.
Yeah, for me and you it is, but it might not be the same for others.
What are the odds of that happening. Ppl are just being dumb. No way she curved it.
yeah, that makes sense. Though I wouldn't put it past Galiana to randomly curve down half of the class' marks. You coming over?.
Just awoke.
Cool, come over whenever. Want to get lunch?.
Where?.
I dunno yet we haven't decided. come over so we can decide. You missed a call from Chris.. Are you coming!??. We're gonna leave soon.
Eat w/out me.
K. Ayo we back want us to help you move?.
Yea sure. Come over at 4..
We're here! Come let us in.
Ye. Did u call me???.
Nope.
Kkk. Hows the bus?.
chrome-extension://ecnphlgnajanjnkcmbpancdjoidceilk/http://www.mcgill.ca/economics/files/economics/316_201409.pdf. Chris called you.Duration: 10 seconds. You missed a video chat with Chris.. Hey which of these, if any, do you think I should get??. http://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/xxv-rx#xxv-rx-amaretto-tortoise-striped-honeyhttp://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/soriano#soriano-sandalwoodhttp://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/sir-finley#sir-finley-vintage-402http://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/sir-kent#sir-kent-blackhttp://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/sir-kent#sir-kent-vintage-light-brownhttp://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/l-a-coen#l-a-coen-cocobolohttp://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/gregory-peck-rx#gregory-peck-45-buff-dark-tortoise-brownhttp://oliverpeoples.com/shop/men/optical/sheldrake-rx#sheldrake-brown-textured-tortoise-gradient.
Whats ur netflix login?.
Christopherjlutes@gmail. omar12. Are you going to trivia?.
If you guys are desperate just go see him in Leacock.. He's practically always there.
If you guys are desperate just go see him in Leacock.. He's practically always there. Want to swing by later today?.
what a prick.
Haha, yeah, of course he already got his mark. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/fredericton-clothing-line-aims-to-reduce-stigma-of-mental-health-1.3097268.
seen.
haha.
wadda dick.
40% Stretch, Breathe, Meditate. 30% Sip Tea & Eat Well. 15% Feel Your Feet, Be Present. 10% Laugh Out Loud. 5% Listen To An Awesome Song. I can't even.
95% Kyle 5%MacNevin.
hahahahaha. I went to their website, and he, of course was prominently featured on the front page.
hes dating the co founder.
that's going to end well.
hahhaha.
also, they're donating 10%.
tru inspiration.
Like, that's it?!. Isn't the entire point of the business that it's supporting mental health?. You may have noticed there's no "Guys/Girls" sections on our site. What's up with that? Most online stores have easy-to-navigate "Guys/Girls" sections. What's not so easy, is when you don't fit into societal gender norms.. "TO DATE, WE'VE GIVEN BACK OVER $4000".
ahahahahahahh. Nobel Peace Prize Nominee.
hahahaha. WE HAVE MADE A CONSCIOUS COMPANY DECISION: OUR MODELS WILL NEVER BE RETOUCHED. IN THE FASHION INDUSTRY, THIS IS A RISKY STATEMENT.. Holy shit, this is so insufferable.
are u still one the site?.
yeah it's a goldmine. the ad copy reads like it was written by tommy wiseau.
ahahhaah.
https://zination-media.s3.amazonaws.com/media-cache-z616/z/upload/1536x/9376dfa2a71d11e495e900163e0020ae.jpeg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80JWVD-aBRk. Guy on the left blogs.
Don't mind my dog bombing my video!.
ahahah.
how did you find out that he blogs?.
great audio.
hahaha.
cassidy allen work for them las summer.
oh seriously?. Did she model?. https://zination-media.s3.amazonaws.com/media-cache-z616/z/upload/1536x/1fd8db3ea71f11e49c9800163e0020ae.jpeg.
.
ahahahahhhahhahaahahaha. He only got into the biz so he could get closer to that sexy, sexy, schnozz. http://wearyourlabel.com/collections/bracelet-project. That's legitimately messed up. 'misguided' doesn't even begin to cover it.
New from Wear Ur Label. http://www.crcna.org/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/jewish-star-holocaust.jpg?itok=BS0jcGXQ.
hahahahaahhahhhaha. holy shit. exactly. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/Pink_triangle_up.svg/1152px-Pink_triangle_up.svg.png.
. . . . .
http://www.clickhole.com/article/disgusting-isis-just-released-2-star-review-aeropl-2620?utm_campaign=default&utm_medium=ShareTools&utm_source=facebook.
HAHHAHAH.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtgY1q0J_TQ.
.
http://www.programmableweb.com/category/music/apis?category=19990.
What about it.
Databases, bruh.
Naw. They are api's.
Don't they have databases in them?.
U got alot to learn. ALOT.
You've got a lot of spelling to learn.
A-lot.
Still no.
Elor.
There you go. Also I'm an expert, my excel macros are off the fucking chain.
Ill call u tonight. So we can set up a server at the house.
K.
Do u have an extra power brick. Allmusic.com.
I have a power cord....
Naw like for a micro usb.
Huh?. What do you mean?.
U home yet?. Hows triv?.
3rd place. The questions were all really easy.
Niceeeeeeee.
Yeah meng, also Mrs Frizzles got called out for using their phones.
Hahaha. Shit.  Were they cheeting.
Dunno, but people kinda booed them.
Thats what i like to hear. What that movie calldd.
Chris called you.Duration: 82 minutes.
. yo. my phone is dead. ?.
Where are you? Im in the library.
Basement. . U like.
Are you here?.
Can u send me a pic of ur schedule.
Yup. Were you in the class?. .
U waved at me.
What? No I didn't....
Lol yep.
Where are you now.
Trottier.
That was fast.
Lol.
Did you talk to the professor about getting into the course.
Imma go to his office.
Good call.
How much $ to switch 330 with me.
I dunno man, it would fuck up my entire schedule since its a full year course.
Ur schedule is decently flexible. Tho. It would mean dropping econometrics. But u mentioned that ur not that keen of the class any way..
yeah, but I'd still have to find something to replace it with.
True. But i bet u could dude. Take japanese economy. I mean imma talk to barzyck and see if he can make room for me. But just think about it.
then second semester, I'd have to drop Health Economics. Yeah, it's very unlikely that I'd switch. what's the website that tells you when a spot opens in a course.
Get a seat.
okay, I'm sitting down. Now can you tell me?.
... jump to the side.
WHO'S ON FIRST?. Hey, here's the email for the person you should contact at the Tribune if you want to do illustrations. hlim@mcgilltribune.com.
https://www.facebook.com/events/1486452781651654/. U wanna go to this?.
Fuck yeah, haha.
dope.
Did you get internet yet?.
yea.
Nice! What was the problem?.
It was disconnected outside the building.
Weird. http://www.lexisnexis.com/hottopics/lnacademic/?.
. Doesnt that look like jorya.
Haha, yeah, where'd you find that?.
My friend frm sweden posted it..
http://www.clickhole.com/article/16-goddamn-deer-i-accidentally-hit-my-way-out-movi-3092?utm_campaign=default&utm_medium=ShareTools&utm_source=facebook.
Lol.
Where is your class that ends at 5:30?.
Trot.
Ahh, kk. Hey where are you? My phone is updating so i haven't been able to call.
Im home. where are u?.
SSMU. Where do you want to meet?.
trot.
Kk, heading there now.
OMG SAME1.
u dick.
where are u?.
On my way you on second floor.
third. where we were the other day.
https://www.reddit.com/r/terriblefacebookmemes/top/?sort=top&t=all.
when are u going to write your paper for 316?.
Gooood question. I'm outlining tonight. If you're home when I'm done production, I'll stop by your place. Hey, how do I look up ectasy production on Tor?.
Type in how to make MDMA.
Hahaha.
No really.
I'm just googling that.
The first link is good.
Am I gonna end up on a list?.
Also. Do u have my debit card.
Yeah.
Where r u?.
In Macro.
Kk.. Bring it by at the end of the day.
Yeah.
u Up?.
Yup.
can u share me on ur outline for the casestudy/?. Share it.
sent.
thx. . Doesnt know than and then.
Hahaha, maybe it was a typo.
Unlikely.
True, also is that tweet supposed to be sarcastic? Cause it kind of reads that way. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._B._Bennett. Dead ringer for Churchill.
Damn. Ye dude.
Hey I'm gonna text you in a second, can you tell me if you got it?. Do you not have access?.
I have it.
kk.
. Katie dev's sister.
Hahahaha shit. If you're gonna apply for photo editor, I'd do it as soon as you can - I see that they're interviewing people for other positions already.. But nobody has applied for photo editor. Email editor@mcgilltribune.com for how to apply. did you go to the library?.
Naw. Not yet. U wanna come?.
Eh, I haven't really done any work on my case study yet.
Y not.
I got out of bed at 2:00 and have been doing trib stuff since. Just starting now.
Jk. Kk.
Hows yours coming.
2 pages done.
Not bad!.
. .
Noice. How's their library?.
Pre nice. Its weird here tho. Like it kinda feels like mcgill.
that is weird. Are you staying there?.
Naw. Imma bike back b4 it gets too dark. Imma swing by ur place.
Hows it coming?.
pre good, 5 pages deep, and im starting the case study part now.. wbu?.
Dayum, not bad. How many words you at? I'm like 2-3 pages in and am doing the case study stuff first.
how do u see word count in docs.
Ctrl+shift+c.
cool. im at 1350. wbu.
I'm at 600.
WEAK.
Haha, whateva.
aslo. also. wanna make 5 bucks?.
How?.
if u can find me an ebook for this book:. Deadly Secrets: The Cia-Mafia War Against Castro And The Assassination Of Jfk.
An ebook of it doesn't exist.
guess ur not making 5 bucks.
Nope.
How far?.
Like twelve hundo. You?.
Page 7. So like 1700.
Noice.
Ur gain on me.
Jah, though I'm taking a break now. I just want to get to the 2000-2500 range tonight.
M2. yo u done yet?.
Not yet, what about you?.
Just have to do my conclusion. how many pages left?.
Like 3?. It all depends. I feel like I'm gonna end up writing 15 and then cutting a bunch. .
. Do u want to edit mine when ur done?.
Yeah for sure. We should go over them together tomorrow.
so late dude. let do that tonight.
Eh.
What?.
I'll edit yours tonight.
sure. how l8 u staying up.
I dunno, my sleep is fucked up anyway so probably 4?.
sweet.
Wbu?.
6 prob. can u share me on ur essay, I want to see ur formatting.
I do the formatting stuff last.
k.
Wait what do you mean by formatting?.
like how many lines are there between paragraphs.
None.
lol. library.
Ah. what do you mean "lines"?.
Like after i finish a paragraphh and start a new one do I do "enter enter tab" or "enter tab".
Enter tab. I.e. none.
Wtf. it looks werid.
That's what it's supposed to be when its double spaced.
kk. That works out well for me.
How many words are you at?.
2600, just need 2 write my conclusion. Wbu.
1750. Conclusion is like a paragraph.
okay, I know that a conculsion is a paragraph. but thx for the heads up. YOU FOOL.
Haha whateva. How are you feeling about yours?.
meh, decent. I feel like if I was at this point in the essay 2 weeks ago I could get an A on it..
Hahaha I know what you mean.
How do u feel about ur. urs.
Bout the same. It's just tough because I don't really have any primary sources.
what are primary sources.. Like if u talk 2 ppl?.
No like firsthand documents from the time.
Oh cool. I have a shit tone of those.. Like in the thousands.
Yeah because your case didn't end 150 years ago.
MIn is about y dinosaurs arent real.
hahaha. counterfeiting fossils would have been a good topic actually.
yea, thats why i did it . The currency in india is fossils.
makes sense. 'rupee' means fossil in Indian.
"rupee means fossil in Indian"  is actually the tittle of my paper.
no caps. It's very grabby.
yea. I havent used punctuation (or the space bar) in my whole essay..
oh, so you're following MLA formatting?.
ofcourse. yo. the source we put at the end. as in like photocopies or whatever. how comprehensive does it have to be.
I have no clue. I'm wondering about that myself because most of my sources are books. and I don't know how he wants us to do it.
Its shitty cause I was late one day and when I walked in i heard him talking about it. he was like "you dont have to be super over the top with ur sources, I have seen most of them already. ".
ohh, okay. that's not bad then. I feel its more for people who are doing a lot of investigation because he wants to see if the dots really connect.
hows it going?.
Pre good not bad. How about you?.
good just editing now. If I send mine 2 u will u edit it?.
Yeah, but not tonight.
ace?\.
??.
fine. but dont go to macro tomorrow.
Hmmm yeah maybe.
Dude, the ol' dutch boy himself told me that u guys are just watching school of rock in class tmr.
Yeah, which is why I want to be there. We're watching it with the director commentary!.
and professor commentary.
Yeah, which is just him ranking all of the characters by how much they look like strudel.
ahhaahha.
Are you going to Underground?.
ill be asleep.
Fair.
yo. share me on ur paper so i can edit.
Not done yet.
kk. thoughts.
Done, not bad, but its not very cohernet.
what do u mean. did u share me on it.
Yeah.
Yo. Whats up. Did you get it in?.
"What's Danny saying tonight" - Jorya Foster.
Goddamn hw. What are u guys doin?.
Raging #turnup. I'm writing stuff for the best of lists. Jobs is gonna go up to rez or something.
cool, when did she get back?.
where you at dawg? Im at your house.
Im at the library. U still there?.
ohhh. yeah.
kk ill be home in 5.
sweeeet. Yo, Ben sent me a couple of really important documents. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suspicious_activity_report. https://www.moneylaundering.ca/public/law/3_stages_ML.php.
who is ben? ben kingsley.
They guy in the class who I asked what the topic was. So yeah, Sir Ben Kingsley.
how is the SAR relivant.
It's something to look out for. Cause it's essentially a trap to avoid stepping on.
Naylor mentioned these in class he said that they arent that big of a deal to avoid. and that there are a bunch of reports piled up that havent been processed..
oh really?.
ye.
Good to know.
i mean what is relavant in the article?.
the money laundering one?.
naw the SAR one.
ohhh, just the fact that they exist. But more generally because they show specifically which types of institutions are looking out for what.
Oh yea, thats fine. How was the laundering article.
I thought it was just a good breakdown of how it works. Like I'm gonna structure my section on that by the three-step process.
yea kk. How many pages u at?.
4.1. So I'm starting over.
wat?. 4real?.
hahahaa no. could you imagine.
I got to three pages last night and started over lol.
really? Why?.
Wasnt organized.
ohhh.
eya.
All you gotta do is make it chronological.
ye, well I have started over, and Im at 3 pages.
noice bruh.
YE, what u at?.
around 1. Mostly still looking stuff up.
ye.
http://smbc-comics.com/comics/1447943985-20151117.png.
lol. u done yet?.
nooope. 3.2 pages. I'm probably gonna go over.
I went over. then fixed it.
so you're done?.
ye. wanna edit it?.
share me on it. I'll do it when I've gotten some sleep.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PW_jr52jXOAp3h2rBTYb2muHiO4bTTOmGvdBKv5iyhk/edit?usp=sharing.
but I'm not going to macro tomorrow cause we're just going over stuff we've already done.
does that work. kk sounds good.
you've gotta give me the ability to edit it. also when are you done your macro?.
230.
okay, want to meet in otto maas after that?.
Sure. Be there at like 215 class usually is let out early.
kk sounds good.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/obituaries/melvin-williams-reformed-drug-dealer-who-had-a-role-on-the-wire-dies-at-73/2015/12/04/4360ef14-9a95-11e5-94f0-9eeaff906ef3_story.html.
yeah I saw that. David Simon wrote this huge thing about him in the late 80s. http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/2638846/Easy-Money-Anatomy-of-a-Drug-Empire.pdf.
have u read it?.
a little bit, yeah.
https://scontent-yyz1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfa1/t31.0-8/11053068_10153235596736596_8390410279990702059_o.jpg.
Ahaha I knew what it was going to be before I clicked.
Fame and fortune are coming ur way.
That's what the gypsy said.
Have u sent in ur christmas list 2 mom?.
I'm doing it tonight. Have you?.
Not yet, i started. it but Im not done. What u getting 4 dave?.
Probably a booj. Book. Wbu?.
idk. shirt i guess.
Roight roight.
i got him the wallet. all good.
Kk sounds good.
Did u see the email frm Naylor?.
Yeah, it didn't really say anything new....
Well he told us that we get our marks back on the 18t.
Didn't we know that already?.
I dont think so.
I like how nice he was to Irakli.
Ye it was good to see that he has a heart.
Well of course this comes immediately after him murdering Irakli in cold blood. "If I can't have you, nobody can".
ahahahah. How u feeling for ur last exam?.
Not too bad, we have 6 questions on 6 different topics from the class and he's said what they are so it's just a matter of doing the practice questions and making a decent cheat sheet.
Have u started studying for it yet?.
Yeah, a lil bit. What's your next one?.
Macro.
ooooh, shit, are you ready?.
No, its really fucking hard..
Yeah, it seems like it.
No numbers its all equations.
damnnnnn. No cheat sheet?.
holy fuck I wish.
I just talked to the prof and he said you could.
Oh sweet, thx dide. dude.
np!.
U got a B on ur final paper. B+ in the course. I got a B on the final paper, B in the course.
For Underground???.
Y. yes.
How do you know?.
I checked. y are u up.
Cause I woke up at two today. Where did you check?.
when u gonna sleep?. Its on the unofficial transcript.
Probably feel tired in like an hour.. How'd you find my mark?.
I went on ur minerva.
Hahahaha.
I wanted to beat u. it was close.
Lol.
if it werent for my first paper.
Yeah, then we'd have the same mark on everything.
lol. Im just glad I didnt get a C on my final paper tbh.
Yeah for sure. I was preparing for the worst on it. Are you gonna go see him?.
Ye, i think i will. But i dont get to see him untill after spring break. R u.
Yeah he's already in Cuba. And probably not.
What a snake.
.
Lolol.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lq1JIWQSlc. Use my Uber promo code, christopherl3589ue, and get CA$15 off your first Uber ride. Redeem it at https://www.uber.com/invite/christopherl3589ue. https://twitter.com/shutupmikeginn. http://www.clickhole.com/article/13-celebrities-professional-athletes-fast-casual-r-3707?utm_campaign=default&utm_medium=ShareTools&utm_source=facebook.
lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZJXvjeWlVA.
Goddamn unreal.
Happy bday dude.
Haha thanks. Man, making a murderer is so good.
When u start?. What ep u on?.
Just today, I'm on episode 4.
Ye dude. Good show. Swish release date was set 2day. Feb 11.
What???????. No way. Holy shit.
Ye dude. U coming to velk?.
You know ir. It.
U on campus?.
Yeah, in macro. I'm getting to the auditorium where are you?.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN72xDolGSI.
oh man the music in that show is unreal. 5191 2301 7610 228404/14746Margaret E McKay. Yo wheres your last class?.
G10 macdonald.
oh, okay.
wbu.
Birks.
Yo What is the size of the group for triv.
6. why?.
Ill invite holden.
kk.
When does it start.
8:00. but we'll need to get there at like 7. Jorya's meeting us there.
okay. https://soundcloud.com/kanyewest/nomorepartiesinla.
SO GOOD. *G.O.O.D..
lol. His line "38 year old 8 year old" is soo fucking good. also the line about his cousin who stole his laptop.
hahahaha. that's the second song in a row to reference him. He's gonna be on the cover at this point.
Ahaha. Thievin' West: Tales a of a Stealing Cuz.
lolol. The cousin is gonna release a diss track using the stolen beats that were on the laptop.
ahahah. u coming 2 class?.
Yeah, you?.
wouldnt miss it 4 the world.
Hahaha. I hear he's got a tight fifteen on the last democratic debate.
lol oh fuck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0CgxlXzG0I.
. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/brian-macdonald-pc-leadership-bid-1.3413650. Oh fuck.
Hahahahaha good fucking luck. The second he actually declares is when all of the dark shit about him starts to come out.
hahaha. I hope he wins.
That'd be interesting. It's funny that it's been over a year and theyre nowhere close to picking a new leader.
ahah true. How was trivia last night. Did u guys win?.
Hahaha god no we sucked.
Who was on ur team?.
Jorya and Chris Enriquez. The questions were more difficult than last week.
Was Chris Enriquez good?.
Jorya did better than him.
lol. We will have the core back together nxt week.
Fuck yeah. You going to class?.
Yea dude. ARe u ?.
Yuuuup. I wonder when he's gonna institute that attendence policy.
God knows.
Yo send me the velk thing.
.
Thaaanks whens it due tonight?.
1200.
Cool.
send me urs when ur done.
. Sent it.
Thatsmine dumbass. ??.
Hahaha I haven't done it yet.
oh.
Yeah I was just making a hilarious joke.
how it turn out?.
Pre good, I picked a few growth stocks.
SEND it.
.
lol.
I mean its not for marks right. Yo are you following the drama on the Velkonomics group?.
naw. whats happening?.
Read it for yourself, but everyones losing their minds over the TAs email.
Ur article has increased the share price of O'learys fund. https://www.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&chdd=1&chds=1&chdv=1&chvs=maximized&chdeh=0&chfdeh=0&chdet=1453580688961&chddm=388263&chls=IntervalBasedLine&q=TSE%3AODI.UN&ntsp=0&fct=big&ei=geGjVon0EMfxjAGUmqq4Bw. Stephen Harper, the human equivalent of a toast sandwich, as its leader for over a decade lol.
Haha. how you feeling today.
Better. Im going 2 all my classes.
okay sweet. Cuz Velk is gonna be interesting. http://www.clickhole.com/article/6-times-rugrats-escaped-danger-because-i-was-prayi-3778?utm_campaign=default&utm_medium=ShareTools&utm_source=facebook. did you know that Kevin O'Leary's son goes to McGill?.
Shit. Really. How did u find out.
Yeah Evelyn told me. He's in Gardener.
Fuck. Lol. Wonder if he read it.
Hahaha I know right. Hope so.
Haha. Whats his first name.
I dunno I didn't ask.
Did u pawn off the play?.
Yeah trivia's on tomorrow.
sweet.
yooo meet at Ye Olde Orchard at 7:00?.
R u going home?.
yeah gotta eat.
kk.
How do you know Nicholas Malcom Decarie????.
Jphmun y.
Oh weird, cuz I saw he posted on your wall.
How do u know him.
Same. He's a scrub.
Ahah. Pre smart dude.
Is he?? I remember him being annoying.
Oh he is annoying.
Yeah, its weird how that happens so often.
Not that weird. We met him in the same function.
No I mean about smart people being annoying.
Oh ye. Well i mean its probs because they werent socialised properly.
True true I wonder if there are any studies on that. Like correlating IQ and socialization.
Ye its called "why are fucking smart kids so god damn queer, and you read your Gordon Wood and how do you like them apples" by Will Hunting.
Hahahahahahaha. I think you mean 'queeah' and 'fawking'. And 'Bawstun'.
Hahhah.
You home yet?.
ya.
kewwwwl. I'll stop by after production.
when?.
like 6:00 probably.
kk. YO Triv 2nite?.
Nope, Jorya and I have work to do.
Week ass pussies. WEAK. Next week tho.
yeah.
What work do u have 2 do?.
Peer review for my health econ class.
Ahahahahahha. What a pusssy.
Lol.
.
Hahahahah. Too good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xtlu123dg0I&feature=youtu.be.
hahaha too good. Also. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9OZ8xHTX7c. HOLY SHIT.
.
Hahahahah.
.
Lololol Richard feature confirmed.
http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/13/politics/supreme-court-justice-antonin-scalia-dies-at-79/.
Call me!!. It's urgent!!!!!!!. In class, I'll call you at 5:30?.
Its fine. Just is jorya still bringing those ppl 2 trivia.
oh yeah, but we're gonna be two teams anyway. Is Mia coming?.
I think so. What are the two teams gonna b?.
Dunno yet.
Y 2 teams tho.
cuz we're gonna be more than 6 people regardless.
How many ppl is jorya bringing?. .
Hahahahaha. Jorya, Andrew, Clara, Kiahna, you, me, Josh Holden, Mia.
Me u josh mia one team. holden and Clara another team. Rest is the last team.
hahahaahahaha. too good. I've got a funny facebook interaction to tell you about later btw.
lol kk.
you gonna be home in a couple hours?.
Like what time?.
I dunno 6:30?. maybe before.
naw. im going to library agter my class.
ahh kk, I'll talk to you tomorrow. You going to velk?.
Waste of time. Although i hope he doesnt start up with attendance.
Yeah I imagine someone will let us know when that happens. You gonna be home at 4?.
Yaa.
K I'm not going to my meeting so I'll stop by.
Kk. whats the plan for tiv?.
oh yeah, Clara and Andrew are still coming to montreal, but them and Jorya and Kiahna are doing MDMA tonight. So it'll be your apartment and me and mia.
kk sweet. what time should we go over?.
like 7?. So we avoid what happened last time.
lol ye.
haha I'll be over to your place between like 6 and 630.
kk. Yo. We here. Come over.
Kk you get a table?. http://www.clickhole.com/article/8-things-never-say-creative-people-1819.
ahahahha so god. good. http://www.clickhole.com/article/5-richest-people-earth-and-you-bet-your-fucking-as-3947.
hahahaha, I read that after you brought it up at trivia. Fucking fantastic.
yea.
"Cigarette Professor".
haha ye. .
Hahahahaha welcome to the club.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt-vG_TdOT4.
Hahahaha what the fuck. http://challenge.oscar.com/#category.
. Coming 2 velk?. U start studying?.
Not really wbu?.
yea.. are u not worried?.
Not super worried. I'm gonna study for a couple hours tonight and then Im going to my 830 tomorrow so I have the day then.
lol good luck.
Where do you find the game theory YouTube videos?.
They are in the news section.
kk thanks. If you and Josh wanna come to Majestique we're gonna go tomorrow night.
who else is goning. ye. . Also the theme song for horace and pete is so fucking great.
Us and Jorya and Kiahna and maybe hoessein. And yeah, Paul Simon wrote it !!!.
no duh.
Yo come over at like 9?. email webdev@mcgilltribune.com.
Thanks.
yuuup. You gonna be home this evening?.
when. What should I say in the email.
Like 630?.
ill be home.
Say "Hi, I'm a second year computer science student and I'm interested in getting involved in web development for the Tribune. How can I get involved?". That's all you need to say.
What should I put in the subject. ???.
Web Dev contributing.
kk thx. have u seen characters on netflix?.
Nope but it sounds interesting. Have you seen it?.
Some are really funny.
How's the Lauren Lapkus one?.
funny. Yo I cant trivia 2nite.
Kk.
I got an email from the trib btw.
Oh yeah Julia asked me for your email. What did she say?.
She didnt say anything. It a some dude named will. THis is what he said:. You're emailing us at a good time! We have one, possibly two, openings for a new web developer. I would encourage you to apply for the job by sending your resume, three examples of your work, and a CV to editor@mcgilltribune.com, as per the instructions on this page, by Wednesday, March 23. I've CC'd our new Editor-in-Chief in case she has any additional information to add. If you decide to apply, I wish you good luck! It's exciting to work for this team, and there's a lot of cool opportunities in this position to showcase your work and learn about digital journalism..
Haha weird. I wonder what he means by three samples of your work.
Three web pages I have done i guess. Which I dont have.
Hmmm.
Im just gonna make 3 pages and submit them. I also got a job interview with a startup in fredericton that I need to prep for so ill make the sites as prep.
Oh nice! What's the startup?.
http://www.simptektechnologies.ca/.
Oooh interesting, what would you do for them?.
Idk, I just called them and asked if they were taking a summer student, and they told me to send in my resume so i did, and they sent me an email asking for an interview..
That's awesome!.
haha, I embellished my application a little bit in terms of what laguages i can code in so now I need to learn a bunch of new shit in a week..
Hahaha what languages did you say you know?.
Javascript. which I dont really know that well.. and Sass which I have literally used once..
Hahaha shit.
Its fine I have a week to learn them. So well see..
https://newrepublic.com/article/131409/beyond-good-evil.
http://countrychinkbroadsides.blogspot.ca/. Post  about the trib on there now.
hahahahahaa. holy fucking shit. We censored him in the same way the New Yorker censors me by not publishing whatever I send them.
lol was the article he wrote bad?.
yeah, It had a lot of stuff in it that could be read as anti-black. and it was just poorly written.
what anti-black stuff?. also anti-black is that just racism.
Kinda, just stuff saying that black people don't care about Asian people's struggle and they get too much of the civil rights attention.
Yea, nothing worse then all the attention that black ppl get for the whole 'civil rights' thing. I mean c'mon, What a bunch of attention whores.. *than.
hahaha exactly. And he talks about Mao like it was racism or something.
what do u mean?.
Like he talks about being oppressed by Mao and compares it to black americans being oppressed.
lol just a little different. http://cs.mcgill.ca/~dlutes/home.html.
https://www.reddit.com/r/chinesefood/comments/4a992g/on_white_people_reviewing_chinese_food/.
holy fuck.
haha yuuuup. You gonna be home later?.
Dont come over b4 730.
kk.
Come over when ever.
Production ended early so I'm already home.
Kk.
Are you gonna be home during velk tomorrow?.
Ye.
K I'll come over then cuz I have some time to kill between class and my meeting.
Kk. .
hahahahahaa.
yo. how should I structure my cover letter.
Paragraph 1: why you want to work at the trib. Paragraph 2 and 3: relevant experience and why you'd be a good candidate.
dope. thanks.
No prob. Are you on campus?.
naw Im at home. Y.
Nvm my printing wasn't working but I figured it out.
Yo  i sent u my cover letter can u edit it?.
Yeah I will tonight I have a midterm soon.
What class?.
KMack.
Wait I thought u werent writing.
What do you mean? It's the make up midterm today.
Oh shit. Gool luck.
thaanks. https://www.facebook.com/FrederictonPolice/photos/a.860403533970926.1073741830.839999232678023/1183491784995431/?type=3.
holy. wtf.
right?.
What do u think it was?.
I have no clue.
damn. where u at btw.
In the Trib office about to give my presentation in a few mins. I'll stop by.
kk.
http://countrychinkbroadsides.blogspot.ca/2016/03/censored-chink-at-mcgill-2a-chink-only.html.
did u send the email?.
Nope it was April. Which makes it way funnier that he's framing her as the white patriarchy.
lol ye. whats ur imdb.
Huh? What do you mean?.
ur list account.
ohhh, I think you can only send individual lists.
send ur watch list.
ohh, kk, a lot of it got deleted when I switched to letterboxd, but it's at http://letterboxd.com/PresidentBaby/watchlist/. what are you looking for?.
a movie 2 watch.
ohhh. Barton Fink.
WEIRD FUCKING MOVIE.
Hahahahahaa. I'LL SHOW YOU THE LIFE OF THE MIND. Did you like it?.
Yea, i think so. Still havent processes it yet.. Very strange plot. I didnt think it was super great. Fucking John Goodman knocked it out of the park tho.
Yeah the plot never really goes where you expect it to. John Goodman was so good.
lol yea. I got my trib interview btw.
Yeah I saw! There's one other person interviewing for web so it would presumably be you and the other guy.
what is the other guys name?.
Bill Gates.
w0w. really tho.
Oh wait there are three people. Clare Lyle. And Samy Zarour.
and me.
Yeah.
When are there interviews?.
Ones right after you and the other is two before you.
hmmm. That clare girl is gonna get it.
Haha what makes you say that?.
She is the type who would get it. ARe they taking 2 or 1 ppl.
How do you know?. 2. I believe.
hmmm. Is there anyway i should prep for the interview?.
Are you gonna be around tomorrow? I have production but I could come over after.
Naw. I have a midterm thursday so ill be at the library.
Oh dang.
but ye. any interview prep tips?.
Go through everything that's wrong with the site and write it down and memorize and think about solutions. Also look at other news websites for ideas for things you could incorporate into the site. Try to come up with five for examples.
do u know what questions they are gonna ask?.
Yeah.
what are they?.
Why do you want to be web editor, what ideas do you have, likes/dislikes about the site, role you think webdev plays for a newspaper, how would you want people to contribute, what youd want in a managing editor, spirit animal, comfortable expressing your opinions at edboard.
spirit animal?.
Yeah what would your spirit animal be?.
lol. ur not supposed 2 ask that question.
Hahaha why?.
Cuz its like a an appropriation thing.
Hahaha nope.
yea.
Not even a little bit.
dude. Some actress had to apologize this year for it.
What?!. No. It's not appropriation if it gets engrained in the culture en masse.
http://www.bet.com/news/celebrities/2015/10/26/kerry-washington-apologizes-for-using-the-term-spirit-animal.html.
That's insane!. That's been a thing forever.
U were wrong dude.
I still don't think it's appropriation.
Yeah, since the early 2000's. Way longer than those shitty natives have been using it right!!!.
Hahhaha. Oh god.
lol. When they ask it should I say that. or just give an anwser like a shmuck.
Throw a tantrum.
lol. yo how long is the interview?.
Half hour roughly.
really.
. Maybe more like 20 mins.
okay thats not bad. who will be in the interview?.
Julia (the eic), Natalie (creative director), probably Mayaz, maybe Matt and/or Will, and anyone else who happens to be around.
If Mayaz is there ill end up calling him richard.
Hahaha bring in a photo of richard and put it up to his face.
ill hold it up to his face, with out speaking for a minute or two, and then say "Yea, i thought so" and walk out of the room.
Hahaaha. Have you seen the latest episode of girls?.
ya.
So good.
uh. good. not so good.
You're talking about the Marnie one right?.
ya.
Oh man I thought that was the best the show's been in a long time.
yea. me too. best ep of the season. just felt like it had some flaws.
Like what?.
Like the whole drug thing was obivous.
Yeah I don't think it was supposed to be surprising to the viewer, just to marnie.
yea. but marnie didnt even seem suprised.
I mean she freaked out and left because of it.
She didnt really freak out..
She was like "what the fuck is this".
not really a freak out.
Hahaha whatever, you know what I mean. The fact that she left at that moment suggests that this was when she realized the extent of what he was into.
haha, yea. It just could have been better.. The scene at the end with dezzy was one of the best in the show.
Oh man yeah. That guy is so good.
also the scene in the dress shop where marnie is talking to the cashire.
Hahaha that scene is why Marnie is the best character in the show. Talking about how much she's lived and how when she looks at her hands she sees the hands of a woman who's worked her whole life. Like holy shit.
yea. so fuvking funny.
http://www.clickhole.com/blogpost/im-feminist-i-dont-support-planned-parenthood-im-b-4141?utm_campaign=default&utm_medium=ShareTools&utm_source=facebook.
lol.
Have you heard the new kanye song?.
naw where is it?.
I torrented it. It's really good.
What is it called?.
Saint Pablo.
hell yea. thats so fucking good.
Yo Ziko just told me that you gave a really good answer for the spirit animal question so it must have been him.
Ahahaha. Glad I made a good impression..
yeah haha. Don't want to get your hopes up but I think you have a pretty good shot. Julia said it was "pretty clear" who would be picked for Web.
Are u in meeting now..
naw it starts in an hour, but I'm in the office. My guess is that it'll be you and Claire.
Good 2 hear!!.
Release datesAugust 17, 2001. Less than a month before 9/11.
Ahahahaha. It truly was a different time..
Yo can you come in at 5:30?.
yea. Julia messaged me.
Oh kk perfect.
cant see what u shared me on.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10r5VKtGf7JN-FpSUyBXZeIJ3fyDhRUk8gq0P8WSC7yo/edit?usp=sharing. Does that work?.
thx.
no problem. Gimme a call when you leave the office.
kk.
Still going to velk?.
yea. u.
Yuuuup. Where you at?.
still at home. Im coming at the end.
Kk I'll come over.
http://mcgilltribune.com/osheaga-all-canada-round-up/. Yo. i made the map. What style changes should i make.
Make the text in line with the headers. Also maybe change the font. And the colours for the provinces.
what is the go to font for the trib.
I dunno check other articles or ask someone.
k. http://www.mcgilltribune.com/osheaga-all-canada-round-up/.
Font still looks weird, and those colours make it look like a political map, and the text isn't in line with the headers.
its good enough. colors are good. font is fine. im done with it. if morgan wantts changes she can let me know. The font will line up when the server updates.
.
Glad she likes it.
Yoooo you gonna be home later?.
When?.
Like sometime after 2:30. Probably closer to 3:30.
I have an interview at 3:00.
oh dang, with the CEO?. I thought that was yesterday.
no, i had that yesterday. I have an interview to be web dev for SUS.
ohhh dang. Good luck! Do you think you'll be home at 4? I dunno when I'm leaving campus.
um, im prob going back to the library. so prob not.
kk.
. 38 pages for velk.
Hahahahaha what??? Why?.
The fucking portfolio thing.
Hahaha why is it so long tho?.
10 of the pages are just a spread sheet.. The other 28 are 10 weekly reports 2 pages each. Final report of 6 pages and a initial letter of 2 pagwa.
Goddamn. Was it worth it?.
Well. It is work stretched across a semester so it isnt a big deal really. Took less time than one of my comp 302 assignments lol.
Haha wow.
U going 2 the trib party 2nite?.
Yeah dawg. Are you?.
Naw. I have plans. Also dont really know anyone yet frm the trib. Feel like the party is more for u guys. Cuz u deserve it..
Haha true, I didn't go to to the one when I got hired for the same reason.
Yea. When u heading over?.
Dunno like 930, gonna get some sleep first. You going to Velk?.
Thinking about it.
Really? Do you know when the review session is?.
Next class. Thursday. Are you going?.
Oh okay fuck going today then. You home?.
Yo did they ever find david landry?.
Yeah like a while ago, we haven't talked about this?.
No. What happened?.
I dunno beyond the fact that they found him, there werent any details.
Where did they find him?.
I dunno! All the news story said was that he's safe.
Shit..
Yeah im still very curious.
u going to velk?.
Yeah, are you?.
yea.
Still want to come to McDons?.
naw Im home now.
Kk wanna go to dep la pickup soon?.
29th?.
Haha why so late?.
I have exams. lol.
So do I, it's like two hours out of your day.
yea. Lets go on the  19th.
Soundsgood.
Go look at the ECON 219 group.
Just transfered you the $$.
I dont see it.
It said it'd take up to an hour. Your Gmail is danielplutes@gmail right?.
ye.
Yeah kk just give it a bjt.
.
The latest WTF with Louis CK is really good. http://imgur.com/a/obU79.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh3zRZhwhSQ.
Yo call me! I wanna hear about your first day.
Lol im at the bank rn. Sorcha bern works at TD. Also how is work at the patch???.
Hahah didnt she get a huge scholarship? And It's very interesting getting caught up in all the drama. And their boss is one of the bigger pieces of shit I've met.
Y u call?.
Can you think of anywhere in Montreal that sells beeswax candles?.
No. Sorry.
Yeah found em anyway.
web devs dont write features right?. u up?.
Yeah why?.
who was the other person on the queen mash up this morn. last night.
Danzig.
Thanks . Also are u picking me up today?.
I dunno, I could. When are you done?.
5:00.
Kk. http://dylantube.com/dont-look-back-1967/.
dope.
http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/fiscally-im-a-right-wing-nutjob-but-on-social-issu-20486.
Can u bring me a pair of socks and my dress shoes for the fitting?.
Yeah. I'll pick you up at like 5:15. . Looks like Witch Woodside has a retirement hobby.
ahahahhahahah.
Is your suit the Belissimo one with the red piping on the inside that's hanging in the laundry room?. And where are your dress shoes?.
np.. no.
Where is it?.
the suit is the one with the name David in it. Like on the tag.
Where is it???.
idk . Maybe my room. take a pick of the belisimo one.
No suits in your room.
Take a picture of the one in the lanudry room.
. .
no not mine.
Okay what the hell? Where else would it be. It's the only suit hanging up in the laundry room.
one sec.
Which shoes are your dress shoes?. And where are they?.
They Are the ones with the leather sole. They are either in the closet under the stairs or the bench next to the back door..
Black?.
yes.
K I think I got em.
kk come now.
Yeah.
Lunch 2day.
Naw. Trying to save $$.
Gl with that.
Thanks dawg. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boom_goes_the_dynamite. https://github.com/discogs/discogs_client.
u find silicon valley yet. ?. // do u have it?.
Naw I'm watching Orange is the new Black.
.
Hahahaha. https://vimeo.com/110808221. . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ut__QUsopU.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRrlfsWnnUo&list=PL-5uUhL4RoNU2v3OK7V_r1DdJtNQdkg2G&index=5. https://twitter.com/probablypranjal/status/756718309744050176. .
Ahahahahah.
Send me the torrent for Blonde?.
I found a link online but its been taken down.
Can u drop box it?.
http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/weiner-abedin-separate-1.3739713.
Shit man. .
Hahahahaahah.
Hows shit going with studying?.
Good I just got my highest Logic Games, Reading Comp, and overall scores on my latest practice test.
Nice!!! Hows being an only child.
Oh so great man. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s875WKb4YhI. ^^good shit.
Thats FIRe. fire. firee.
Hahahaha. She's like a female version of Lauryn Hill.
ahaahha. hows shit in fredericton?.
Pretty much the same as usual. Been doing two PTs a day.
shit. how are the scores.
Got a 169 this morning. been trending up with a recent average at 165.
shit.
Hoping to break 170 by the end of the week.
damn. u been doing trivia?.
Didn't go last week cause Richard was away but I think we're going this week. How was orientation??.
it was fine. today is the first production day.
Oh shit how's that going?.
I havent gone in yet. web doesnt come in till like 6.
Ohhhh right. Are you nervous?.
ahahaha, no. why would I be.
That's not what Claire told me. She said "I feel bad for Dan, they're going to eat him alive".
ahahah wow, such foresight. we put up the new site today..
Oh lemme check it out. Not bad;. !. Don't like how you have to scroll to the bottom to get to A&E.
ahha, its cuz it is the least important section.
Ha! Analytics would prove you wrong there.
naw, I checked 2day. the least read article of all time is ur feature btw. who knew an article could have less than 0 reads.
Hahahaha. Thank super-hacker Alexi Simakov for that.
ahaha ppl were talking about him at orientation.. during the governance presentation ..
Hahahah. They talk about the "water incident?".
naw. what is that?.
We were interviewing him because he was a candidate for something and in the middle of the interview he's like 'can someone get me a glass of water?' It was an obvious power move on his part and everybody made fun of him for it after.
ahhahahahaha.
Who gave the best presentation at orientation?.
Idk.. They were all pretty good. But none stood out as being great.. . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Mintz-Plasse. look alike?.
I mean a little? Who's the guy in the first photo?.
it was on some programming site.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/COpHozSUsAAT3gp.jpg:large.
this cant b real. ?. where did u find this?.
Oh it's real. Nick Wiger posted it on twitter.
ahaahha,  what the fuck..
I gotta say Kevin Keeler is incredibly efficient, the turnaround on a project like that.
If kevin really knew what was up, his flag polls wouldn't be so fucking short..
Yeah true show some goddamn respect, Keeler.
Hows the studying going?.
Not bad, averaging a 168 lately. I just gotta improve my RC a few points.
RC?. Reading Comp?.
Yup. Renaissance College.
AHahah. Weird that that is a component.. How do u get better at reading comp tho. ?. just learn how to read faster..
Partially yeah, but being able to answer some questions really quickly too in order to make time for the more labour-intensive ones all without sacrificing accuracy.
fuck. If you get a 168 on ur LSAT, ur set tho right.
I mean depends on what you mean by set. I'd be able to get in somewhere, but the higher my score the more options I have.
Yea, thats true. I think I may wanna write my LSAT too..
Yeah might as well.
.
?.
. .
. . . Thanks for the endorsements.
U gonna fucking endorse me back?.
Hahaha I would if the skills you listed were anything besides "propaganda" and "cyberbullying".
Ahahahhaah.
Howd you do at trivia?.
It was full when we got there. So we didnt get to play. Did u guys go last night?.
Oh damn that's too bad. And nope I was studying.
Shit. Man i think ur addicted to studying.... You need a fucking intervention!.
Hahaha first time I've ever heard that.
How long after u write do u get ur mark back?.
I get my mark on the 20th.
Damn thats gonna be a long wait..
Yeah though knowing it's not coming until then rather than dropping whenever is a big relief honestly.
Thats true.. Whats ur study schedule like?.
Test in the morning test in the evening, re-reading my notes every day, doing drills on sections that need work.
Like a full test?.
Yeah liked timed and under test conditions and whatnot. Oh and I also review all my wrong answers and write why I got them wrong for each test..
Jesus. So how many hours a day are u studying?.
Like 10 usually.
Ahah shit. Its the 24th right.. ?.
Yurp.
Is it at unb?.
Yeah I scoped out the room the other day.
Hows it look?. Where on unb is it?.
Good room with those long table desks rather than individual ones which is nice. It's in the law building.
U should studying the room. I hear if u studying in the room b4 a test u do better.
I'm planning on taking a practice test there next week.
Hows life with mom and dad?.
Pretty good pretty normal. I don't really see them much.
Ahahah makes sense. Yo what is jorya doing in dublin?.
She's on Vaycay, she went to Iceland and London too.
Ahahah vacay from the patch??.
Hahaha I guess.
Jesus where does she get the money.
I mean shes a really good saver and she works like 60 hour weeks more often than not.
Shit. When does she get back 2 wiarton.
The 20th I think?. btw Documentary Now is back and the first ep is written by Mulaney.
Dope. U seen it?.
Yeah really funny.
Is there a torrent?.
Piratebay I found one.
git@github.com:Lutes/COMP321.git. whoops not that. .
Hahahahaha goddamn. You're famous.
I think thats my queue to make a run at the premiere's spot. How are u feeling?.
Pre good, got 170 on my last two tests.
fuck yea!!! Thats dope!. You stressed at all?.
Not super like I'm going into it prepared so there's not a lot to be stressed about.
yea tru. When do u write tmr??.
830 am.
So early!.
Yeah, not super stoked about that part.
Haha. How long is the test?.
Like 4 hours all in.
How u feeling?.
Pretty good, not super nervous.
Thats good. What score do u think u will get?.
Oh god who knows, I'm thinking high 160s around.
Nice. What u doing 2nite?.
Just chilling, doing some light strategy review and watching the new season of transparent. Wbu?.
Oh fuck. New season is out?.
Yeah came out today.
Nice. Ye im just chilling at home I am supposed 2 be at edboard, but i have a class that goes till 7 so i am not there.  I am watching Gotham with josh rn.. U heard of the show?.
Yeah it's about Batman right?.
Yea. It is pretty bad lol.
Hahaha yeah i was gonna say it looked dumb.
Ahahah. Burrel frm the wire is on the show. And the landlord from unbreakable kimmy. And corey frm corey in the house. And ryan frm the oc. And jayden smiths mom.. So yea, it has a star studded cast.
which one of those plays batman?.
Corey.
that's what I thought.
The show isnt about batman, its about blackman. Zinnnng.
that's a great comment. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1044455922283296/permalink/1217662254962661/?comment_id=1217665621628991&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R%22%7D. Ol Segal's still at it.
ahaha christ.. I saw him the other day. he weighs in excess of 400lbs.
hqhqh. hahaha. he's built like a king.
yea he was in a thrown when i saw him.
hahahahha you mean a throne?.
I wish, i fucking wish.
lol. how's the trib been?.
Pretty chill.. Production day is fun. Ed Board suckss.
hahahah what dont you like about it?.
Its just like a long ass convo that i could care less about. same 5 ppl talking.
hahaha that's always true. Who talks the most?.
Jenna Stanwood probs. She was on the board last year right/?.
Yeah I imagine it's mostly people who were there last year who talk.
april, and nick talk a lot too.. I have yet to say a word tho.
Right yeah. Haha not even during the circle?.
Ahahah, I just put duck tape around my mouth when its my turn to talk. yea, I just dont talk during the ed board discussion..
Hahaha yeah that's fair I remember feeling I had to be super caught up on everything to be able to contribute.
yea, I mean. I feel like what ppl say isn't that ground breaking, I just don't really find the conversation that interesting. Also having a convo with 25 ppl is less than ideal.. I was hoping it would be more like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2Ih4GHoARs.
Hahahaha that would be a lot better.
did u torrent transparent.
Naw prime free trial.
hey. how'd it go!?.
I think it went pretty well I did well on LR. One of the logic games was weird but otherwise okay. RC was dece but rushed on the last passage.
so overall how do u feel?.
Pretty good, but I feel like I can do better.
what score do u think u got?.
No idea maybe around 165.
nice. that would be sweet if you got that. You must be pretty happy to be done!.
Haha yeah hasn't really hit me yet that I'm done tho.
yea. Tru. when do u leave for Ontario?.
Tuuuuesday.
yo. can u edit my resume.
I would buy I'm a little busy watching the best baseball team in the country right now.
Ur Technically not wrong.
Eggactly.
oink oink!.
Hee haw. Jorya says hi.
Yurp! hey jorbie.
"up your butt and around the corner, DANdruff" - Jorbie.
are u on the bus?. //When u get to mtl let me know. Im in trottier.
Kk, how long you gonna be there?. The bus is running a fucking hour and a half latw. Late.
shit. so when are u getting into town?.
Like 1?. Jesus.
ahaha. kk. I'll be home by then..
Ksounds gud.
How close are u?.
Just getting into the city now.
Kk. are u walking frm mega?.
Yeah I gotta stretch my legs.
kk. let me know when ur close. I am still at trottier.
K. I'll be there in 10.
kk. we dont have internet. Come to trottier. or dont?. idk. do u need internet?. ???.
Hahaha not really.
kk ill be home.
Sounds good.
How was ur flight yesterday.
It was fine though I almost missed my first one.
ahahah, why?.
I just left too late and it took me forever to find a place to buy the 747 ticket.
ahaha, How close was it?.
Like in retrospect I probably had ten minutes to spare but I was so nervous like I thought I'd missed it. I basically had to sprint to the gate.
ahaha, how was the lay over?.
It was fine, though there was nowhere to eat.
ahahah y??.
Everything was on the other side of the security I guess. I ended up buying a glorified hot dog for $10.
ahahah frm where?.
I forget some restaurant kiosk.
wow sounds like a shitty time.
Yeah dawg it was the worst hour and a half of my life.
ahahah. Do u start work tmr?.
Yeeee.
Howd it go???.
It was fine - it seems like I'll be doing half as much work as when I was in the orderly room and making almost twice as much money.
ahahah shit. Well that is good i guess. Do u have co-workers?.
Yeah, two others though there are only gonna be two of us at a time I think.
oh weird. Are ur hours 9-5?.
naw it's still base hours so 7:30 to 3:30.
damn thats rough. ARe yphp -v. have u heard anything about the job in ottawa.
Not yet. I imagine it'll be another two weeks minimum before I hear back.
Can u still log into my courses?. Yo. Guess who i saw today..
Who??.
Naydar.
Who's that?.
Sorry not naydar. Iraqli.
Hahahaha did you say hi?.
hhaha, he took out a pocket knife and stuck it 2 my throat.. What u doing rn.. wanna skype?.
I'm coming home from work but sure when I get back. If by Skype you mean Google hangout.
lets use appear.in. its like hangout but better.
Oh yeah cool the thing that you interviewed with?.
yea. u home yet?.
Yeah just a sec.
Kk.
k ready. https://appear.in/six-camel. Yo how was Colgate?.
It wasn't actually at colgate, it was at hamilton college.. My team didn't win. But another team frm mcgill did. All and all it was kinda fucked. Like the host college kinda fucked it up in terms of how it was run..
Hahaha how?.
Like there were errors on the questions.. So we spent a shit ton of time trying to descypher the mistakes.
Oh shit that sucks. http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/661a77b3da/norm-macdonald-trolls-the-bob-saget-roast.
ahahahahahahahaahahha.
http://www.avclub.com/article/americas-test-kitchen-sues-founder-stealing-its-re-245186.
I hope they give him the electric chair.
Then they would sue him again for mimicking their recipe for Extra Crispy Christopher Kimball.
Hahajahahahshh..
https://appear.in/sturdy-frog.
https://appear.in/daniel-chris. I am not a sturdy frog. whats that housing site called.
Padmapper.
.
Hahaha. Ouch.
U pissed about the election..
Of course. Less pissed than terrified yho. You?.
Me too man!. Like it should be interested.. But still.
Yeah like if this were a TV show it'd be great, but its unfortunately real.
My dumb ass floor fellow wrote this thing. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_qYPVYE_jtjOYR0hT8vVXHB_aVFs8kanxr1kSpYCraQ/edit. its about the election..
It won't let me open it. Nvm.
kk.
Jesus, is your floor fellow Jeff Daniels from The Newsroom?.
Now that I think of it, she does sign it Yosemite!.
Hahaha.
her first argument about apathetic youth is straight up wrong.. Like its just her lying.
But it serves her point! It can't be a lie.
ahahah, Class dumb person going on a tirade, and making no sense. Like all of the people that she refers to are strawman as fuck..
Yuuuup exactly, like she's making a point about us being the most apathetic generation and then embeds a graph which shows that it's been really consistent over time.
Ahahah yea.. She is prez of AUS.
Sounds about right. https://www.instagram.com/p/BMpSmT4jP5h/.
Ahahahahhahauau.
Have you seen Don't Think Twice yet?.
Naw, couldnt find  a torrent all summer. have u.
Yeah it's online now, I watched it last night. Pretty good!.
can u link me.
Just look it up, I can't at work. Also I got an apartment.
oh shit. do u have pics?.
http://rentaplace.s3.amazonaws.com/TAKYAN/73%20BLACKBURN/UNIT%204/73-4%20BLACKBURN.html. VIRTUAL TOUR.
3 bed 2 bath?.
5 bed.
Lol wtf. Is it 2 floors.
Nope it's the top floor of a house.
Its really nice. How much.
700 a month.
Pretty expensive. Who else lives there.
True, tho all the places were around the same. Its me and four other randos.
Is it a 4 month subleg. Subltlet.
Yuuup.
Have u talk 2 the other ppl. ?.
No don't even know who they are.
Howd u find the place then.
There's a website called rent a place.
Damn. Whats the address?.
73 Blackburn Ave.
Hmm. Sounds unsavory. Did u get a job at the health food store?.
No those fuckers did a background check on me and found out I wasn't vegan.
Hahaha. How did they carry out the background check?.
They gained access to my bank statements, then called restaurants I had been to and asked them what I ordered.
Wow. U should get them 2 help out the Government of Canada with ur background check....
Yeah, their fucking crack team is too busy sending unmarked surveillance vans to prove that I live where I livr.
Ahahha. So no word back on the job front....
Noooope not yet anyway. It's been six weeks now.
How long do they say it takes.
2-8 weeks apparently.
Hmmm. Well shit. U looking forward 2 moving 2 ottawa?.
God yeah, I'm gonna be so excited to get out of this godforsaken town and this godforsaken job.
Ahhaha. Damn. Y u so salty. Frederictons a good place.
Hahahaha, it's a nice place but I'm not experiencing anything I like about it.
Ahshah what do u mean?.
Like I wake up go to work come home, write for a bit and then im too tired to do much else then rinse and repeat.
Ahah. that doesnt sound that bad. Pretty stress free.
I mean compared to school sure, but there's the added stress of not knowing where anything is going.
Ahaha. Yea i mean ur definitely not the only unemployed recent grad in Canada..
Yeah no shit.
Ahahaaha. I mean didnt u see this coming?.
Well yeah, but that doesn't necessarily make it okay.
Ahah yea true. But its kinda the nature of the program u were in. Also u could def get a job if u werent looking only in government..
Yeah for sure. Though I don't even know what I'd be qualified for in the private sector.
Idk. The private sector doesnt only hire science and engineering students..
Yeah, they also hire business students. #skewered.
Ahahah. U have an econ degree! Its like business except not practical at all..
Lol but I do know what a Giffin Good is! Super useful.
Ahaha. Econ is just really easy. Like its fun. But the practicality is dubious at best..
Oh yeah well that's the case with most bachelors degrees tho.
*most arts or science degrees.
And business. The only practical one is engineering.
Business is pretty practical.
Meh.
Like all the majors except marketing is good.
HR?.
Yea. Like u can get a job.
Yeah true.
The catch is u work in hr.. Also the phrase human resources sounds extremely unsettling....
Hahaha, HR Fact: There's enough energy generated by liquidating the human body to power a generator for 100 hours.
Ahahhahah. U should try 2 get a job working for the NB investment fund. 120k starting salary.
Jesus. Catch is I have to stay in NB.
I wouldnt stay in nb if u were making 120 k????.
Hahahaha I wouldn't expect you to.
I mean u wouldnt. Ahahhaha.
Oh, eh, probably not. Things are more important than money.
Yea. But its a good cause.
Pfft, not really. Cheating old ladies out of their pension money presumably.
ahaha, damn with that attitude you should be working in their pr department.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su5TApSOX3o.
ahahahahahaha.
http://tinyurl.com/ho2fcq7. Yo what's a decent speed for a laptop processor?.
It depends on all the other specs on the comp.
Hmmm ok.
R u getting a new one?.
Thinking about it. Im at the point where I have to reboot like three or four times an hour.
Ahahahahahhhahahshs. Jesus. Send me the ones u are looking at and ill tell u if they are good or not.
Yeah I'm gonna do some more comparisons online. Where did you and David get yours?. http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-CA/product/acer-acer-aspire-f-15-6-touchscreen-laptop-silver-intel-core-i5-6200u-1tb-hdd-12gb-ram-windows-10-f5-573t-56uc/10438054.aspx?path=c372773adc355831f4f480b85822c149en02 http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-ca/product/acer-acer-aspire-e-14-touchscreen-laptop-black-iron-intel-ci3-5015u-1tb-hdd-6gb-ram-windows-10-e5-473t-3860/10409023.aspx?path=e7608da98a0f716892617ded6b9086d5en02 BEST SO FAR: http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-ca/product/hp-hp-15-6-laptop-intel-core-i3-6100u-1tb-hdd-8gb-ram-windows-10-black-15-ay028ca/10483535.aspx?path=9db99ff5bbffe2c7ee5d2e96b87d9d95en02 http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-ca/product/asus-asus-vivobook-max-x541ua-15-6-laptop-black-intel-core-i5-6198du-1tb-hdd-8gb-ram-windows-10-x541ua-bh51-cb/10490601.aspx?path=c70fc6863660fd9d7938fc3a46e7e285en02. Lemme know what you think.
Wits ur budget?.
600.
Go higher. Trust me.
Like how much higher?.
Go to 700.
Why?. http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-ca/product/hp-hp-15-6-laptop-intel-core-i3-6100u-1tb-hdd-8gb-ram-windows-10-black-15-ay028ca/10483535.aspx?path=9db99ff5bbffe2c7ee5d2e96b87d9d95en02. This one is marked down from 700.
Because those laptops are kinda bad. Like u 100% should be getting an SSD rather than hdd.
Why? I mean they're faster but you get so much more space with HDD.
Ahahah. I guess if u want to store a bunch of stuff on ur laptop its fine. But its gonna run slow as a result.. Like u would be better off w/ an external hard drive.
hmm interesting. what's a good amount of Random Access Memory (RAM)?.
Ahahahaha thats for the breakdown. 8gb is good.. If u are compairing. Look at the read write speed. The faster the better..
Do you mean hard drive speed in rpm?. Or RAM speed?.
Ram speed.
http://www.bestbuy.ca/en-ca/product/hp-hp-15-6-laptop-intel-core-i3-6100u-1tb-hdd-8gb-ram-windows-10-black-15-ay028ca/10483535.aspx?path=9db99ff5bbffe2c7ee5d2e96b87d9d95en02.
where u go?.
phone died go back on appear. https://appear.in/determined-nightingale. ???.
I think my internet is fucking up. I still in the appearin. **are i u still in the appear in?. http://www.kijiji.ca/v-tvs/fredericton/50-1080p-lcd-westinghouse-tv/1220427389?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true. http://www.kijiji.ca/v-tvs/fredericton/42-lg-lcd-tv-200-00/1220195186?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true. http://www.kijiji.ca/v-tvs/fredericton/42-samsung-tv/1219736084?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true.
damn not bad.
Hahahahahahhah. Jared actually went 2 europe....
Haha you didn't think he would?.
idk. I guess im just surprised.... here is my wishlist  http://a.co/67NY9Nk. Just watched green room. Thats some good shit..
Yeah holy shit that movie is intense.
Show mom my xmas list.
Why don't you just email her?.
My email is broke..
?!?.
Just do it!.
Done.
Wow. What a great guy!. How many days left at work do u have.
Technically 7, but really 6 since tomorrow and next Friday are half days for me.
Oh y.
Tomorrow is the potluck so the clinic is closed for the afternoon and next Friday is a similar event.
Ahahahah wtd. Wtf. That makes no sense. I wonder if they close the everett chalmers when the admin has a potlock.
Hahaha they unplug the patients of life support so they can plug in their karaoke machine.
Ahahhahahaha. Jesus. Do u have an xmas list yet?.
I'm making it tonite probably.
Ahaha. Pretty busy guy. Doesnt have time to make a list of things he wants.
I'll put it this way: the only thing I really want is something you can't buy:. Respect.
Ahahhaha. U and rodney dangerfield both....
Hahaha.
Yo. Can u still log into my courses?.
Why?.
I wanna look at what KMack posted for ur class last year for 337. helooooooooo.
What do you want?.
the practice exams he gave ur class. also do u remember anything about the exam?.
Hahaha nope just that it was easy. .
its that the only one he gave u?. i thought u said it was hard..
naw it was easy, you just gotta pace yourself on the questions cause some take way longer than others.. and yeah he just gave us one.
he gave us the same one..
lol.
How was ur half day?.
prettay good prettay good. have you had any exams yet?.
naw. I have my first on the 15th.
ooof that sucks.
yea pretty shit.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxMPWIljoSg.
Hahahahaha the corn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX-DnqFWEJ0&list=PLS_gQd8UB-hLG21qM9SjJAyZekNvsEJlr&index=55.
hahahahahaahahaa. holy shit vanessa bayer is so good. Answer your phone!!!!.
where u at?. Are u on the phone?.
I was.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_gQxVOmod0. hot new track. . Can u send this to the printer for me.
Just do it from the desktop. My laptop isnt hooked up to it.
yo. I shared u on it. Havent finished the last paragraph.
done.
can u write the last 50 words for 5 bucks.
noooope.
that a dollar every 10 words!. thats twain money.
yeah i dont wanna. haahahah what???.
Paid by the word.
I gotta go to bed.
what did u think. conceptually.
Overall it didn't really cohere i don't think. it's probably good enough or at least the editors can help it get there but they might make you rewrite parts of it.
ye. How can i make it cohere more?.
make it longer and more in depth.
lol. its already almost 600 wrds.
haha like it doesn't feel like it really settles on making an argument, it just feels like a bunch of stuff thrown together. also it needs links.
ye true. When u say merge this with the next sentence what do u mean.
the first sentence doesn't feel like a sentence.
is this better?. There’s an apocryphal story about Henry Ford and Walter Reuther, the Union Head for the Ford Motor Company, touring a new factory. The two are looking over a balcony at an assembly line of robots when Ford turns to Reuther and says “Hey Walter, how are you going to get those robots to pay your union dues?”, Walter pauses for a minute and then replies “Hey Henry, how are you going to get them to buy cars?”.
good enough. https://vimeo.com/148956711.
https://www.spotify.com/uk/family/redeem/?token=SPFnBXzPwzDVn. Here is the link. if they ask for an address just list our home one. ie coburn.
haha kk thanks. what's the invitation code?. nevermind i got it.
i dont know what that is. screen cap.
it's working now. !!!!!!!.
kk dope. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiwlH8wB7mY.
ahaha, "we're gonna go see if he's a good man, or if he deserves to be homeless". . do you think the font is too small?.
Thats a good ass resume.
why thank you. I'm just glad I got it down to one page.
Yea. One page is good. There is one mistake tho. U called it NB but later called it New Brunswick.
oh true good catch.
Also when does triv start at ye olde.
I wanna say 8:00 but you should get there for 7. it might be an hour earlier than that but I don't remember.
Yea. True. Ill call em.
She's right outside in the kitchen and I don't wanna talk about her out loud cause that seems weird. . communications and french literature.
http://www.cbc.ca/kimsconvenience/m/videos/digital-short/marche-ventura-convenience-stories.
WHAT. Holy shit. This is everything I've ever wanted. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x1Ye__A27RmGu-skQaDEqDk4aol06Ufvl817vyflSXg/edit?usp=sharing.
What is a personal statement supposed 2 be about?.
"write a personal essay of not more than 750 words, telling the Admissions Committee why you wish to join the Uvic Law community and why you believe that your life experiences, background and personal attributes are indicative of a strong match between who you are and the community of students that UVic Law seeks to build.".
kk yea I read it. I feel like you could make them want 2 take more.
what do you mean?.
also dont say the thing about nb. seems kinda petty.
haha fair.
and u implied it in the paragraph b4.
Yeah I dunno I feel like I should at least allude to it in some way. but maybe change the focus.
are u in the library?.
yeah.
can u go sum where i can call u.
yeah 1 sec. changed it. just the first two paragraphs are different.
it way better.
woo thanks. Anything you'd change?.
naw i like it.
sweeeet. also did you hear that Jared's contract didn't get renewed?.
oh shit. when did he find out?.
the other day. It's just because they don't have enough in their budget to hire him back. but his boss is trying to get money from the teams to start an Analytics project that he would run. but he said he's gonna move back to fredericton for a few months.
shit, thats crazy. Where is he gonna live?.
on shawn's couch, he said.
haha. Man he has been living on couches alot. Does he think that they will get enough money 2 start the fund.
he said he was optimisitic about it. I mean it wouldn't be very much if each team chipped in a bit.
yea. Thats tru, I guess its just a question of weather or not they want 2 do it..
Yeah i guess we'll see.
goo look at my letterbox'd page.
Hahahahahaha your favorite film. Do you have a torrent for it? I want to show it to my roommates.
I dont have a torrent, but i do have  a balloon....
Do you have a set of car keys? Cause it's useless without em.
https://www.facebook.com/pressprogress/videos/594940627362422/?hc_ref=NEWSFEED.
Hahahahah. http://www.clickhole.com/blogpost/there-no-greater-joy-watching-women-forced-experie-5327#1,. http://www.clickhole.com/article/6-incredible-ways-eat-eggs-any-meal-3501.
Hahahahajahaja. Yo when u coming 2 mtl?.
It'd likely be the first weekend. I'm gonna call Jorya tonight and I'll see what her plans are.
First weekend in feb?.
Yeah that's the idea.
Kk lemme know asap.
Yeah Ill let you know tonight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y42smuJK23w. . .
Hahaha who's the second photo?.
marshal now.
Are you being serious???.
ye.
Naw I have a hard time believing.
lol who else would it be.
Where did you find the picture?.
band camp.
Send a link. Jorya is adamant that that isn't him.
. . .
Hahahabah. Very clearly not him.
. Smile bitch! Its Veroni.
Hahahahaha Jesse Pinkman.
?lol do u not know who this guy is.
We're driving now but Jorya will take a closer look in a bit. Why are you on his Bandcamp?. He looks like fat Tommy McGinn.
No. Also i wasnt on his band camp. I just needed a good lie.
Hahahaha so where did you find the pictures??????.
The pics are of a famous guy. Post Malone. He is a rapper..
I'm so confused.
ahahaha What is hard 2 understand?.
Why did you start this whole thing to begin with???. Did you just see a picture of post Malone and think it looked like Marshall.
Cuz i saw a pic of post malone and thought it looked like marshal. uea. yea.
Hahaha I bet you spent 8+ hours on this 'project'.
havent slept in 3days preping the first message.
Lol. New hardcore history today it's really good.
When u getting in 2 mtl tmr?.
y0oooo can you send me a link to that Raining Lard song?.
https://soundcloud.com/liam-farnworth-551164758. lol here u go.
hahahaahah thans.
have u seen riverdale?.
Naw I dunno if I'll watch it.
u should watch the first ep. it is weird.
Haha how's Zach/Cody?.
actually pre good.
Wow I'll have to check it oit.
Still w8in 4 mosby tho.
He's too busy killing people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DglxPGLxJPQ&index=35&list=PLetjkeDRzY9zXYjAqeTc_lDiXwxF2ItwK.
http://www.avclub.com/article/jack-nicholson-star-american-toni-erdmann-remake-h-249900.
Lol hahahahah.
Is it just me, or is that "sounds weirdly specific, but okay" facebook group extremely disappointing?.
yes i feel the same way. U around tmr to help w/ my feature?.
yeah for sure. how's it going?.
Pretty good actually. Havent started writing yet..
hahahaha oh jesus. when's it due?.
Sat.
oof#.
So i have tons of time.
lol. 2000 words right?.
Take off tmr afternoon.. we will get it done!.
hahaha do I get a byline on the story.
Fuck no.. well actually ye.
hahaha.
if ur pen name is Daniel Lutes.
hahahahahaa.
When should I call you tomorrow?.
whenever.
wow. what an accommodating man!.
What can I say? I'm everywhere at once. for instance, look over your shoulder right now. boo!.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
hehehe.
Are you that small boy hanging from the rafters?.
the very one!.
Spooky!. Man we have edboard tonight and one of the topics is a SSMU arts rep tweeted 'Punch a Zionist today'. and there has been massive fallout.
Oh yeah, I saw that on reddit. The guy wrote a letter to the editor for the trib.
oh shit really. thats funny.
haha yeah. Sounds like a more interesting than average edboard topic.
Well we will see about that. Idk if ppl are even gonna pick it!.
But it's the talk of the town!.
very true. Ppl may say some funny shit..
When are you gonna call?.
Yo where r u?.
At my apartment.
Kk appear in?.
Yeahsend me a link.
https://appear.in/relie. ???. ???.
http://screenrant.com/mary-poppins-returns-dick-van-dyke-role-details/.
Hhahaa that was fast!. did u get any feedback//edits on the piece?.
haha yeah they published it as is. Nope.
damn, so how much do u get paid for that?.
10 bucks.
not bad.
plus 0.65 per thousand views.
if 1 mill ppl see it u get 650. or 10k is 6.5.
Hahaha I'll find a computer farm in india.
i wonder what ones get alot of vires. lol.
probably the superhero/walking dead type stuff.
http://mcgill.ca/budget/files/budget/doc_university_budgetbook_2016_2017_v20160926.pdf.
Howd it go???. hahahahaha nice design for your feature.
LoL. Im redoing screenrants homepage too. Same syle.
hahaha good idea. Is Codeacademy the best way to learn SQL?. a.k.a. "Structured Query Language".
lol yea probs. why u learning sql?.
There was a job that I was going to apply to yesterday, but one of the necessary qualifications was knowing SQL. It's actually useful for the jobs I want. do you know SQL?.
yea. pretty basic if u are just doing queries.
How do I make a database. with SQLite?. I downloaded it but I can't run it.
There are a million flavors i have no idea. I just  use a server.
How do i do that?.
Do you have a server.
I don't think so.
ahahah i was joking..
hahaha well then.
Just do the Code Academy thing.
I already worked through it all. !!. I'm an expert now. I just want to be able to frig around with it so I can learn.
lol. idk just google how to set up a SQL local enviroment. I have done it before and it is pretty easy.
kk. are you at home rn?.
Ye y.
I need SQL help.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic_iClOg34A.
hahahahahaahaha. the neon sign.
'Scarlet Meatballs'.
ahahaha. https://i.redd.it/jrusids6bggy.png.
Ahahhahajaah. So good. Man still in ed board.
JESUS. It's almost 1100 is there a dissenting editorial or something?.
We havent even decided if we are gonna do it. Decent that is.
Sweet Jesus!. You could be there for a couple more hours then.
Hahah they may be but i wont be?.
You have to stay for all of it regardless I'm pretty sure.
Lol idfc ill make an excuse and leave.
Lol.
https://themagicipod.com/.
woah. Touch the Sky and 1000 miles is so good. ditto 99 problems and float on.
move bitch and float on is really good.
oh damn yeah. https://www.reddit.com/r/Kanye/comments/5whbei/oscars_confirmed_wavy/?st=izoxsacm&sh=ffc9e6cb. New Kid Quazar track.
How is it??.
It's eight minutes of him listing countries.
Ahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fSW3vmRpV0. Still one of the greatest freestyles of all time.
Hahahahaha I never get tired of this.
Yo when do u think ur gonna hear back frm unb btw?.
No idea, why?.
Jw. Hows work?.
Pre good, can't complain, but am ready to be done also. Did I leave a blue collared shirt at your place btw?.
ahha yda. yea. y. u need it 4 work?.
Yeah my boss saw a Facebook picture of me wearing it and now he's demanding I wear it to work tomorrow.
ahahahahahahah. sounds abt right. Yo has jared found a job yet?.
I dunno I haven't talked to him in a bit. I'm assuming not since he's in Fredericton for the next bit.
Oh really. When did he go there.
Since last week I think.
Oh i should have hung out w/ him does he have his apt anymore.
Yeah he's going back to Toronto in a week I think.
Oh cool. . . . lol wtf?.
PSA: The new season of Love is out.
Have u watched?.
First six episodes so far. Wbu?.
Jchrist. How is it??.
Much better than last season I'd say.. Not as stupid.
Thats probably not that hard.
Hahaha true.
https://www.facebook.com/events/1490659290967718/1496278727072441/?notif_t=like&notif_id=1489202073738114. ahhaahahhahhahaha.
hahahaha. god, I'm surprised Velk would actually agree to that. Fun fact about your pal Rudolph Hess: At the Nuremberg Trial, he tried faking amnesia to get out of testifying. It didn't work.
Hahagagafa what the fuck..
.
Man we gotta write the hess movie.. https://soundcloud.com/liam-farnworth-551164758/got-a-rite-ft-party-trick-vanilla-arrow-remix.
yeah lets do it. And hahahaha.
Are u down. Make a doc 4 the bible.
hahaha sure. I mean though I don't really think it needs a bible.
Lol. Well a research doc or something 2 hold an outline..
yeah kk. What part of his life should it cover?.
Hmm. Thats a good question. I mean like during the war is interesting, and so is the war. But also to me the most interesting is his life in spandow, and his death..
yeah i know what you mean. though I dunno what could be wrung out of a guy spending decades in prison.
Very true. Idk. Could tell the story with flash backs or what ever. Like it takes place in spandow. But its a bunch of flash back. But at the same time i think there would be a better way to do it..
mhmm I know what you mean. I like the idea of Spandau as a frame story though.
Like hess was kinda a fuck in almost a funny way.. Idk what events it should focus on. Or what themes it should explore.. Yea. True..
Yeah, It's kinda interesting because he was the third highest ranking person in the third reich, but I can't think of a single way he actually helped them. Like he escaped to Britain really early into the war and before that he was basically just Hitler's lapdog.
Yea. The fact that he fled to the uk and they sent him back is so funny..
hahaha yeah.
like i feel like it could be a dark comedy almost.. but like really dark.
yeah I totally agree.
wtf. he was born in egypt. also he killed him self at 93 years old.
hahaha yeah. Like, why then of all times. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m7fxCb-0TNKfOAzKP1swdY6Xx6oaz_kP9DmmtcfQjKM/edit?usp=sharing.
I have heard that he basically went insane, and thought the guards were trying to kill him all the time..
He probably wasn't too far off the mark there.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spandau_Prison#Rudolf_Hess. read this section.
haahahaha. holy shit.
"The prison's medical officer would inject Hess with what was described as a "sedative" but was in reality distilled water and succeeded in putting Hess to sleep".
"The prison's medical officer would inject Hess with what was described as a "sedative" but was in reality distilled water and succeeded in putting Hess to sleep.".
lol.
haha. "The Laziest Man in Spandau" would be a good title.
ahhahahahahah yea. Hahah, if he was killed by someone else it was definitely because he was too annoying.. Another potential plot point, or way of telling the story is that his son wrote three books about him. My Father Rudolf Hess (1986), Who Murdered My Father, Rudolf Hess? (1989) and Rudolf Heß: Ich bereue nichts (Rudolf Hess: I do not regret anything) (1994/1998).
hahaha what the fuck. Is the son pro his father?.
I think so. I mean I think that he thinks that his dad was mistreated.. His dad went to jail when he was 8. and Hess refused to see his family for 20 years after that..
yeah that's reasonable. Hess looks strikingly similar to Andy Kaufman. https://www.biography.com/.image/c_fill,cs_srgb,dpr_1.0,g_face,h_300,q_80,w_300/MTE5NDg0MDU1MTk1NTg0MDE1/andy-kaufman-9542253-1-402.jpg.
ahahhaahha andy kaufman died b4 hess.
debatable.
?.
A lot of people think Andy Kaufman faked his death. whoops phone died.
U fool.
https://www.facebook.com/HipHopDX/videos/10153639678547006/.
ajahahahahaahah.
yo can you send me the site you used to find your apartment?.
Its a fb group. Called university of toronto. Student housing. Or something.
KK found it thx.
Is jorya gonna live in the 6 this summer.
naw shes in Guelph until june and then moving back home for a couple months.
Oh. So are u gonna live in toronto or naw.
How far do you live from Jared?. Yeah I think I will. Just looking at the specifics now.
Like 10 mins via ttc.
oh not bad.
Whats ur budget?.
I dunno yet, I'm emailing excel this afternoon to talk about work options, but ideally I'd be paying less than 750/month.
Ye. Where do u want to live / would u live w/ jared in his living room?.
ahahha no. Maybe for a week or something but not ideally. Ideally I'd find a place in Riverdale or Cabbagetown due to the proximity.
Yea. If u find a place in riverdale you will save some money..
And hamburgers.
Ahahahhaha. Have u got the letter frm unb yet?.
Dunno, just texted mum about it.
Well she would have mentioned it if u had..
yeah probably.
If ur looking for a place in Riverdale u prob wont find it on the UOfT page.
okay.
Idk where it would be.
hmm. Craigslist I suspect. or kijiji.
Yea. Is jared back in Toronto?.
I think so. Why don't you ask him!?!?.
Just curious.. Hows ue job btw.
pretty good. Everybody's pretty cool. And I just listen to podcasts all day. the job itself is pretty mindless, opening envelopes and then balancing cheques.
How many weeks is it?.
3.5. So until April 7.
Not bad. Do u think u will get something in Toronto through excel.
That's the idea yeah. I just emailed them to ask about it. Depending on what they say I might go through other temp places as well.
Yea. I bet there are a shit ton of places.
yayayaya. The hardest part is going to be finding a place. Like apartment hunting is the fucking worst thing.
ahahha yea true. its gonna take a while.
ugh.
especially in toronto.
ughhhhhhh. I'll just live outside. I wish they had real estate brokers for people in my situation.
ahahah.
btw I watched star wars last nigth.
oh shit what u think?. had u not seen it?.
Nope, haven't seen any of them all the way through. Pretty good!. I suddenly understood a lot of references watching it.
ahahah yea.
I'm watching the rest of the trilogy today probably.
I am planning on watching the rest soon too..
nice. I have one unanswered question though. WHERE'S YODA?!?!??!?.
ahhaahhaha\.
Also I HATED the CGI that they clearly added in like 1998\.
Yea  thats was really fucking weird! Also like did they think it would make the movie better?.
That's George Lucas for you I think.. Check out the podcast, Crimetown. Yo can you send me your landlord's email?.
janetecuddy@gmail.com.
merci.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFADBAx7wpc.
ahahahaha. is this a sequel to Murder in Montreal?.
Lol.
Also, I found a picture of your landlord online. http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/house/images/8/8f/Cuddy-dr-lisa-cuddy-1940377-495-473.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150104120820.
Lol. Did she respond?.
yeah she said she didn't have anything. What a fucking liar, right?.
Fuckd in the head. How is the search coming?.
It's going well. The main issue I think will be finding something reasonably close to where you and jared live.
Yea. I mean either way ur gonna have 2 buy a metro pass.
my thoughts exactly.
So living a little further isnt a big deal reall.
I've just been keeping the group tab open and checking whenever I get a notification. I figure I'll nab something good if I do that long enough.
Yea. Timing is key it seems.
Yeah, like if I'm the first person to message someone that's all it takes usually. https://i.redd.it/fsj7t7perhny.jpg.
ahahahahahahahah.
How much are you paying for your place in Toronto?.
670. u find a place yet?.
I found a potential one.
lets see it.
It's Adrienne Pham's in the UofT grouo. 3 hrs ago. 750/month all in.
thats a good deal. wheere is it?.
Spadina and college. near UofT.
oh. yea well u dont have a group.
she said groups preferred.
but it looks like a good plcae.
yayaya. It's below a slaughterhouse.
ahahah really?.
yes. and above a solid human waste disposal site. should I still buy it?. It's across the street from a hog-fat rendering plant.
lol. did u message the girl.
yeah. She said all rooms were availabe.
u should get it.
yeah that's what I'm hoping. I told her I was interested in the place and to get back to me if being a single is a dealbreaker.
yea. http://blogs.unb.ca/newsroom/files/2013/03/wpid-6dec602c83ca060500ad962c47f77783shd-dinner3.jpg. wooow.
Battery died. story of my life. https://www.facebook.com/#. .
When u took deductive logic was it recorded?.
Nooope. Are you thinking of taking it?.
ya do u think that I need 2 go to class?.
Definitely not. Is Michael Frank Hallett still teachig it?.
dope imma take it. yes.
okay, yeah, then you definitely never need to go to class. and good idea. is it for freshmen requirements?.
ye.
noice. Yoooo what's your address?. In toronto. Lost the apartment but found another one and wanna check distances.
221 munro. What happened?.
The guy sent me the contract on Thursday night. I was going to print and scan it at the library at the library after work but the weather was shit so I planned to go today.. Before I left he sends me an email saying he gave the spot to another person because I didn't send it to him quickly enough.
Shitty.
Yeah really annoying. But I found a place in Willowdale for 600/month.
Dope!. Pretty fucking far away tho. Idk if i would take it if i were u.
Yeah, that's the only thing giving me pause. Like it would be a 30 minute commute to anywhere downtown.
If i were u i would wate. Wait. Like i would pay more 2 have less of a commute.
yeah true. He said it's a 5 minute walk from the North York Centre.
Yea. I mean thats prob true. But its like an hour 2 get 2 my place and an hour 2 get 2 jareds. Pretty isolated.. If i were u i would just wait..
Google says 40 minutes to yours and 30 to jareds. But yeah, you're probably right. Like there's still enough time and now that I don't have a job I can keep the group open more often.
Yea. True..
Got a place for 630 all in.
Where.
190 Major st. couple mins walk from UofT Campus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRnWuax1Wgk.
ahahahahaa that's actually really useful.
any pics of the place.
Posted by Paz Torres in the group like an hour ago.
not bad.
She said there would be eight people living there including me.
holy shit.
yeah after seeing the video I dunno how that would work unless they put four bedrooms in the basement or something.
ye there must be.
Btw the first episode of the new season of Rick and Morty came out last night.
yea i know. how as it?.
Fuckin great. worth the wait.
dope imma watch it. http://static.tvgcdn.net/mediabin/galleries/celebrities/g_l/ki_kp/kid_rock/crops/kid-rock27.jpg. Name a more iconic duo. http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/06/20/article-2344823-1A6BFE88000005DC-585_634x665.jpg. good shit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=225vSvj_1oo&index=39&list=PLetjkeDRzY9zXYjAqeTc_lDiXwxF2ItwK.
"She's not even a rapper". -Daniel Lutes, 2016.
"I dont listen to 'that kind' of music.". -Chris Lutes 2017.
hahahaha who did I say that about?.
"And by 'that kind' of music I am referring to brown people music".
sounds about right.
.
You're on fire. <3 Paisley.
Rock on!.
Don't you mean Country on!?.
ahahh. what happened to real music. https://www.facebook.com/events/1876778422590022/.
Hm looks a little too contemporary for my tastes.
ahahahaahaha. Have u seen the latest girls ep?.
Yeah, fucking great. That bathroom scene.
Yea, i was really impressed by it. My new fav character is Byron!.
Well he did get through all 12 steps of Alanon so I can see why.
Ahahahhahahahah. Yo. U around?.
yeah what's up?. https://twitter.com/nycguidovoice. https://www.facebook.com/blogto/videos/10154296023045009/.
That looks so good!.
fuckin right.
https://soundcloud.com/liam-farnworth-551164758/funsongs. good shit.
damn yeah. best since Spicy Nicey.
yee.
https://www.reddit.com/r/KendrickLamar/comments/65iyum/fantano_rn/.
I can move in as soon as we get to toronto.
kk.
yea, kinda a big deal.
.
.
TOLD YOU.
lol.
Are you gonna remove it?.
What are they gonna do. Last i checked capital punishment was outlawed in canada..
right, because that's the only type of punishment that exists.
ahahahaha. The thing is they don't know who I am..
I'm sure they can find out.
how. yea. maybe. idk. imma delete it..
Did you use a VPN to set up everything?.
I kinda just wanted them 2 get mad..
hahaha mission accomplished. I wonder how they found out about it.
prob someone saw it and told them.
what a fucking snitch.
Idk if i should post on r/legal advise..
They'll just tell you to take it down.
tru. new kenny lamb music vid.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLZRYQMLDW4&feature=push-u-sub&attr_tag=B2Vh0mkNLrsT6GdM-6.
oooh boy!. how was exams?.
Pretty good. Kmacks exam was kinda weird. But it went fine. Ai was really hard, but everyone thought it was hard..
oh not bad. is there a curve?.
ahahah, idk. It doesn't really matter. I def passed and thats all that really matters for that class. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXZj4Wy58Pk.
Ahahahaha good riddance. Do you only have one exam left?.
Naw 3.
oh shit lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juif7J5mKNs.
ahahahahahah.
http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/kevin-oleary-drops-out-endorses-bernier-1.4086583. BOOM.
Ahahahahahah. Shit i wonder why?.
To his credit he acknowledged that his lack of french meant he had zero chance of winning in a general election.
Ahahah. Wow he applied logic to a decision. Be should win an award.
He's already received the 'Hedge Fund Namesake of the Year" for The O'Leary Fund. http://www.ikea.com/ca/en/catalog/products/S29932181/.
oh fuck yes.
you can pay me the difference of what you would've spent.
ahhahahah.
.
Llollo.
You coming??. I'm going home.
lol.
Haha did you just stay at the thing?.
yea, till like 8. Then I went 2 Jareds, knocked, didn't get an answer. then walked home.
Oh weird, I left a little after 8, he must have gone somewhere.
yee, howd ur pulled pork turn out?.
A lil dry so I'm stewing it in the sauce for a bit longer. How was the team building exercise? Any trust falls?.
lol. Trust falls, but no one there to catch u. They said it was a lesson in business..
Hahahaha. when do you want to go to ikea?.
Next time it isnt raining.
yeah fair.
It looks like its gonna be raining for awhile.
It's fucking ridiculous. Until monday it looks like.
Yea... wtd. Wtf. yo. whats up. u home?. 😵. . . . Holy shit. Better call saul was so good.
Ikr?! The battery.
mother fucking huel!.
Oh yeah, the man with the magic fingers.
https://brightside.me/wonder-curiosities/15-illustrations-from-the-worlds-most-cynical-artist-332710/?utm_source=fb_r69f48&utm_campaign=epictexts&utm_medium=cpm. MASIMO.
Ahahaha the boy is back!!!.
man, asis's cousin the in the show maybe a worse actor than Brian...............
Hahahah that entire family was terrible.
ahahah, the show sucks.
It's nothing compared to my favourite show, Clash of the Cupcakes.
aahhaahha.
did you finish the season?. Are you going to be around your apt today?.
yup. what up.
I was thinking of coming and picking up a couple things.
ye sure.
K cool I'll be over in like an hour. Where you at??.
whats the tmngo password?.
I think it's Cottage210.
can u get into tmngo. i cant.
Yeah Im watching silicon valley.
wtf. try logging out if u please.
Try now.
yea. u fixed it. jk. it wasnt u.
Great joke!.
I was logging in via bell, not fucking bellAliant.
U fool. is the samsung galaxy a5 a good phone?.
how much $ is it?>.
$360.
yea, I dont know if it is worth it.
how come?.
360 is a lot for a phone that is 3 generations old.
not an s5. an A5. released 2017. it's samsung's midrange line.
it has a bad battery.
better than my current one.
yea. still isnt good.
hmmm. other than that what do you think?.
seem good other than that.
hey can you call me?.
Yo lunch?.
Hey, what. is the location of the uhaul?.
Emailed u thing. https://www.facebook.com/jason.mollins/posts/10154659948522352. https://www.facebook.com/unprofessionalmadman/posts/1330344060421371.
Hahahahahaha. This is the most popular order at the prospect St McDonald's.
lol. yo can u write 50 word description of what coda is.
yup. who's it for?.
i just want to have a description for my site.
Ahh kk.
hows it coming?.
Coda is a social media website where users can rate, review, and share their opinions about music..
50 words not 50 characters.
Lol write your own damn resume. Also it doesn't exist yet.
lol. its for my site not my resume..
same thing in the cs world. Since i'm a tech insider I know things like that. Have you seen the Nathan for You special yet?.
ahaha yea. u?.
"Daddy want?".
ahahahaha. the trailer for the new season got me excited..
ahahaha yeah the chili thing looks so good. also the season finale is 2 hours.
"do i look like a stocker".
ahahaha. also I'm very excited for the infiltrating Uber episode.
fuck yes. yo, can u proof-read my resume. .
"Senior Intern Analyst" makes it sound like your job was to analyze interns.
Ahhaah. Thats what the job was called.
hahaha okay then with this resume you'll only be able to work in HR. also send it in a doc or something I can edit.
Its a latex file. Do u know how to edit those.
ahahahaha. no.
Just tell me the changes i should make. There wont be many....
I've counted six already.
Ahhaha wut.
Designed and implemented tool. Created normalized database which was 3 times faster than previous implementation.. state based. Lead development of internal tool used to track. consumer facing.
What are the mistakes.
Built in the summer of 2017, Color Palette is a website. 1. Should be a 'a' between and and implemented. 2. Created a normalized database that was three times faster than the previous implementation.. 3. state-based. 4. Led development. 5. consumer-facing. 6. who cares what season you built it?. Also you mix up tenses in your thing on the Trib.
Ahahah oh shit.. I feel like saying the season is reasonable.
Well it's your funeral.
Ahahaahah 'he follows seasons'....
Hahaha. Also wtf you put that box on your beside on your resume??!.
Agahsha. Yea. . U take my charger?.
Nope, why would I have it?.
Cuz ur a known theif!.
Hahahah. Our phones take different types of chargers.
Yo can u edit an essay of mine 2night?.
Also today's jeopardy was a real nailbiter. How long is it?.
Only 6 pages. I havent seen it yet.
I'll do it in the car tomorrow.
Im in ed board rn.. Uhh its due tmr morn. Ill give u carte blanche. Make any changes u want.
Why the fuck arent you paying attention to the circle. And that's a terrible idea but okay.
Ahahaha whats the circle?.
The discussion!!!.
Oh we are abt to do roses and thorns.... Ye, most of the changes i want are grammer..
KK send it to me in a format I can edit.
Hahaha. Its a google doc. yo just sent u the essay. make any changes you want.
done.
whats the damage. .
Holy shit that jeopardy episode.
Good shit eh. Went out in a close game.
Yeah I feel like she's going to stick around awhile. Also. Miracle on 51st Street.
Ahahhahaha. Yea. That dude was fucked. Yo, can u edit that cover letter. Also can you find a picture for  the 404 page for coda. Maybe like an empty stage.
send me something I can actually edit. https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54b49cd5e4b05235beda50a4/t/54dfb53ce4b0bb15dca4d06c/1423947070444/piano+stage.jpg?format=2500w.
nice pic.
data:image/jpeg;base64,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. https://c1.staticflickr.com/7/6071/6118678150_4b2c1642be_b.jpg.
wtf.
idk what happened there. done.
thanks.
What about that $600 from CPP IN?. *CPPIB.
I emailed and they said that it was processing. Should get it in the mail soon. Man Uber Vs Andy was sooo good,.
Ahaha that preschool reveal.
Ahahahah i lost it when that happened.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk_GSIo3lME.
Ahahaha how did you find this?.
on fb.
yoo heads up that Halt and Catch Fire just dropped one of the best series finales in history.
Dammnnnn. Yo u gonna be around later tonight. Imma call after production day..
Yeah what time?.
yea like 10ish.
Kk.
Chris missed a call from you.. U talk 2 rich?.
yeah. hammering out the deets.
Ahahaha. Still in back room negotiations? When is he coming up?. Tom Velk sighting, he was wearing a white suit jacket.
Ahahaha he said he'll tell me tonight. And was he also wearing a Bolo tie?. Yo Richard and I are gonna come next week. Also why don't you like SongRaven as a site name?.
oh y nxt week?.
Richard has to interview people for O Chair. on sunday.
lol kk. songRaven doesnt make sense.
Neither does "face book". It's more important that it's catchy than it making sense. and birds sing!.
Raven is a morose bird.
hahaha. are you an ornithologist?. Do I need to bring anything with me. I.e. a blanket?.
yea. bring blankets.
kk. Yoo are you going to edboard today?.
Yeee.
Do you know when you'll be done.
Uhhh hopefully by 800 or 830.
KK how can we get in to your apartment?.
Josh will be home. When u guys getti getting here.
KK, probably like 630/700.
Were doing referendums at ed board so it may be later than 830.
Ugh. We're just crossing the bridge now.
Lol.. What u doing tonigh.
Good question, probably gonna meet Jorya and Kiana at some point but it's all up in the air. What are you feeling?.
Food then idk..
Kk. What's the wifi. And the router?. Nvm we got in.
Kk.
But what's ur wifi password?.
cloudyonion272.
Thanks. Can you bring me my redbook from edboard tonight?.
Yea. Actually i looked for it the other day and couldn't find it.
We're at the main now btw.
I know. Be there 10.
man the tournament of champions is sooo good so far.
Hahaha tim from yesterday is a big fucking nerd.
Ahahaha he seemed most likely to be a member of the alt-right. I wasn't surprised he got the south park question. Also PRANJAAAAAL IS BACK.
Pranjal lost thoo.
Did you get your money situation sorted out?.
um... kinda, the money has been wired, i just have to pick it up at a post office.thanks for your help.
Awesome possom, glad to hear you worked something out!Now you can shop, and eat, and eat, and eat...oh yeah...and eat :D. Daniel,I sent an email to your family's account, but I know your mom doesn't always check it. Can you ask her if there is a stove at the Killarney Lodge for the Danish to make their food?.
okay :D.
Do you have any idea if he is going to the Halifax minicamp? I left a voicemail at his house, but I haven't heard back and I don't have his registration...Can you try to find out?.
okay, liam may know better than i do, but i will try and find out, last I heard he  was going..
Awesome. thanks.
No Problem :D. oh. He is going, but i am not sure if he registered..
I heard he is going, but no, he is not registered. It has to be in to Travis or Judy like ASAP. Can you tell him?.
okay o will. I**.
You are super awesome!!!! (Pamtaro thanks you :D ).
haahah :D no Problem :D.
I have a favour to ask.  I am attending the 2012 Holocaust Mission.  This involves a trip to Poland, Lithuania and Belarus to visit concentration camps and to learn about historical events surrounding the genocide during WWII.The reason I am writing to you is because I know your parents are very resourceful people. I am hoping to pick their brain for ideas.To date, I have approached 53 departments, individuals,organizations, companies, clubs, groups etc...I am asking as many people as I can for suggestions because I have to raise $5000.Can you have them look at the attached list and see if they have anything/anyone to suggest or add?  Even small contributions would help (as you can see a couple donated $100 which is great!)I hope all is well with you and I really appreciate the help and input!TTYL. I have a TOTALLY random question for you. Back when I was your CISV leader and your parents had me over for lunch, your mom serve a salad. I think it was spinach, goat cheese, pears...and maybe some kind of maple dressing, but I cannot remember.  Can you ask her if she remembers what that would have been? I know it was a million years ago....
Ahhaha. That was the one! She makes it fairly  regularly. Its maple vinegarette, goats cheese,  spinach, pecans and pears..
Yup that's the one! I would love the recipe for the dressing :).
Sure! I'll ask her tmr!.
thanks !.
Hey Pam the recipe is:Quarter cup white balsamic Quarter cup olive oil Pinch of Salt 1 or 2 teaspoons of Maple Syrup.Shake it up in a mason jar..
Perfect! Did she mention how long it can last in the jar if refrigerated?.
She says it lasts around a week..
excellent, tell her thanks very much!.
No problem, I will!.
OH WOAH HAY.
whats up?.
ahah uh nothing you.
dont ie to me gurl\.
ahah well im with tia and ivana.
im with josh lui <3.
haahha yay.
how would u know. ].
how would i know what.
im with josh.
yuou told me?.
did i....
you did.
do u know luke....
luke who.
mcully.
ahah yeah why.
why do u like him.
i dont?.
you dont like him?.
well i dont really care about it. him not it.
sassy.. well i have new for you... this is LUKE.
ahahaha really now.
yes :(.
no its not.
ask me a question onli. only i would know.
ahha um well idk.
... anything.
i dont know anything about you.
i am dating ur sister.
ahahh everyone knows that.
what i mean is i am dating ur sister and u cant think of one question.
ahah well no.
:'(.
ahah sorry.
y do u hate me.
i dont hate you.
dont you.
dont i?.
:(.
:).
marry me.
ew neva.
my brother.
your brother.
asdasdadasd.
ahah why.
no one understands me?.
Hey.
 Hi what is your adress?.
pedropenagos10@hotmail.com :).
No your home address.
calle 7D #43 A-15.
Never mind :$.
jaja what for?.
I thought I needed it, but i dont. Are u still with Cisv???.
yeah, maybe I travel to Germany on a summer camp.
Oh cool.
How about you?.
Um I want to go to Lebanon for a summer camp, but my parents think it is too dangerous there..
Lol. I wanted to go on that one too. My parents think the same. I chose Germany instead..
sadly i have no other option :(, but i might be able to go do a different one if they trade it! :D.
Danielllll guess where I work now!.
oh god.....
>:).
when did u get the job?.
This morning!.
man do u work ar St annes ?.
yep.
how you liking it..
meh. haha. have you been away or something?.
ye, have u met ed and rose yet...
yeah.....
lol.
they're gone for 2 weeks though :D.
sick..
how much do you miss the joy of working at st. annes?.
So much, I kidda want to re-apply.
I think it would make your summer a lot more enjoyable. Don't you miss ed and rose?!?!.
not really. I live with them so i get to see them every day :).
you live with them? :o.
yes.. u should come vist.
totz. like, in the same house?.
i live at st anne's..
lies. stop the lies.
i love to cuddle....
.... i thought you meant you lived in an apartment building with them or something hahahaha. ahh.
I wish....
me too :o. 14 hours of serving shifts this week. yay!.
who took my place.
me hahaha.
shit, lucky guy..
serving is actually a breeeeeeze.
do u like dish's?.
NO.
why>.
too much pressure :(.
ahah, when do the shift's end?.
dishwashing?. either 3:30 or 8:15.
ye. oh. Do u watch breaking bad?.
sometimes, i'm not really into it.
FUCK MAN....
I like prison break better :).
Bye..
:D. will you come murder me so i don't have to work tomorrow morning?.
Oh, breakfast shift. FUCKING LUCKY.
No, day shift...dishwashing...EVEN LUCKIER. day shift 3 days in row.woohoo.
Are you making some good cash.
yeah that's the only reason i haven't quit hahahahha.
What U gonna buyÉ.
saving dudeaaaaa.
Saving up to buy a big crack rock... (Crack is sick.).
no, i'm going to buy some meth from walter.
How you going to get to New Mexico....
with the money i'm saving duh.
we cold just start up our own meth biz....
LET'S DO IT. me you and mccully. if rachel lets him.
*whip sound*.
lololol.
you excited for schoolÉl.
no. i work every day until school starts too. dishwashing.
lol, taking any lvl 1É.
noooo. too stupid yolo~~.
Chea bro. SMEW!. *SMED.
swed.
flip that W. We smoke meth now.
SMED as in Spondylo-meta-epiphyseal dysplasia?.
hope not :(.
i do >:).
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
.
FUCKING SHIT WHAT ARE THEY 12....
the next anderson cooper.
Not handsome enough....
or gay enough. sorry I had to.
Zing!.
http://media.photobucket.com/image/bazinga%20gifs/Hysmofyteligok/Gifs%20and%20sparkly%20stuff/tumblr_m08ymyV0791r1tb52.gif?o=9.
NOT BIG BANG THEORY.....
8). fine.......
The Glasses make up for it..
http://www.gifsoup.com/view/2487677/pop-pop.html.
great episode! Magnitude was in Harry Potter....
I KNOW. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3109371072574&set=a.1958438099969.80507.1813263957&type=3&theater.
They should do a crossover episode....
yes!!!!!!. actually no, community is good enough by itself.
But abed with spells....
............ he already reads minds. TROY WITH SPELLS. pierce ahhh.
WE WOULD ALL BE FUCKED....
damn. or shirley when she gets pissed off.
I h8 h3r.
what!?.
and britta.
http://media.photobucket.com/image/the%20lord%20is%20testing%20me/miabiboy_14/TheLordIsTestingMe.gif?o=1. yeah britta pisses me off. she was hot in season 1.
Annie, she the hottie..
hellz yes. i hated her in season one. until she let her hair down then i was like OH DAMN.
Are you a necrofile?.
i love chilling with dead people yes. if thats what a necrofile is.
if by chilling you mean fucking.
yum. yolo. swed. swag.
You sure know ur english.
i shore dew ahah ;p. ;p :P ;;P. fuck, i need to get up at 6 tomorrow. and then next day.
Have a nice life....
:(. you know who i don't like?.
Who'.
brahime.
Ahah really, I worked with him like once... what wrong with him/?.
he's just kind of a dick haha. i work with him every saturday morning.
haha, when i worked there shirley hated me....
she hates everyone. i got pissed at her one day when i was serving so now she hates me. i better go to bedddddd ahhh, see you at school thursday.
Dont remind me....
hahha. how good does it feel to be done at ste annes?.
SOOOO good, I would recommend it.
i want to soooooooo bad. my parents would kill me haha. anyway, see ya!.
i didnt tell my parents i just quit.... see ya.
Hey Mr Lutes...what did you tell ed and rose when you quit? haha.
I just said school was going to be really busy and that I couldnt work there anymore..
And what did they say?.
just okay, But it was dave and heather, not rose and ed..
ooooh. shit. I hope dwight and barb are working when i do it haha.
when are u planning on doing it?.
wednesday probably. i just can't do school, hockey, JA, interact, hunting, four wheeling and work haha. and still have a life.
I dont blame u for quitting, its shit.
yeah..and i asked ed for next saturday off and he gave me today off instead..so i showed up and alanna was there so i had to go home.
what an asshole.
It's not worth the money at alllll. Today was my last day at Ste Anne's!!. .
omg thx.
omg np~~. I'll send that thing to you as soon as my mom comes home with my memory stick.
k thx.
np brutha ;ppp. Is it just the power point?.
ye.
.
omg tx.
np~~. like it or die https://www.facebook.com/FreddyBeachRecreation. i have a photoshop request.
hit me.
it would be much appreciated if you could switch Luke and Rachel's faces in this and send it back to me Plz n thx.
Does it have to be this picture.
Nope! What other picture would you use?.
if rachel doesn't have in her face.
Here are the only others I could find:. . .
One sec.
. Okay, and if possible, put my face in there somewhere too hahaha.
kk.
thx so much~~~.
wont work....
damn. having a big study sesh for the huge exam tomorrow?!?!?!?!?!.
420. U guys at lukes sisters place?.
Yee. 951 regent. Yo, if you want some extra cash I'm looking for someone to write an Econ paper for me 😎 all I need is a B.
How long?.
No page or word requirements!. I'm just brutally swamped this week with the baseball team I'm coaching lol.
What does it have to be about?.
Basically anything to do with information technology and the Canadian economy. So like innovation in Canada or anything.
When is it due?.
Sunday!.
Is this a mid term or final paper?.
Final! Just for an online course that I don't really care about though hahaha. Like 5 pages of B work is all I need, the prof is super chill.
Kk yea ill do it.. What time on sunday is it due?.
No specific time!! Morning or early afternoon would be awesome. U da bomb. If you could just toss me your topic and like reaaaaally brief outline some day this week that'd be awesome, gotta send it to my prof.
. Here is the outlien. *outline. . Here it is in word in case u want to make changes.
Looks perfect!!. "Excellent topic, you make continue"- my prof lol.
Ahaha. Pressures on. I have like 4 pages now.
Nice nice.
Is there any format rule I can follow. Can I do my citations in footnotes.
There's no real format to follow but there needs to be a separate references page.
Kk. Hey man just finished the essay, not done the reference page. I am driving up to MTL tmr, ill get there around 4pm ur time. When is the paper due??.
There's no specific time!.
. here you go man, You'll probs want to proof read it b4 u send it in..
thank you!!. how much $$$ do you want for it??.
Dont worry about it man, u can buy a 6 pack or something when im back at christmas..
Wuuuuut are you sure??.
Yea man, it didnt take long!.
Okay thanks man!!. Dannnn, wanna jungle juice tonight?.
Yeeeee.
Ayy when you wanna start??. We're thinking relatively early.
Oh shit. I am going 2 the musical 2nite w/ karim, so i prob wont be over till l8er..
. Hahaha jk, what time you thinking??.
Um idk how long the show will take. Prob wont be down till 10ish.
Ight!!. Comin soon??.
Yoo. U guys still at Peel Pub.
Hey Daniel :)How are you? Fine?I just have a question. I need to make a presentation in school about the canadian art scene. Maybe you can help me.Which are the most popular music and film festivals? And do have an idea which is an important painter in Canada?Love from Germany.
Hey, The most famous painter's in were a collection of painters called The Group of Seven. They did lots of paintings of nature. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_of_Seven_(artists)The most famous film festival is the Toronto International Film Festival.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_International_Film_FestivalThe most famous music festival is called Osheaga.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osheaga_FestivalIf you have anymore question message me :).
Thank you :) maybe i will write you, if there are more questions ;). Hey :) I have one more question. Can you tell me more famous and important events or festivals in Canada? :).
Here is a list of the top festivals in Canada, they are all in the summer because we can't have them in the winter. On the list a big one is called EVOLVE, it is popular with kids our age. All of these festivals are cool because they have different types of music; Native, country, rock, blues folk ect.. http://ibackpackcanada.com/summer-music-festivals-in-canada/.
Hey man, I know this is kind of random, but I'm also in COMP 251 this semester and I was just wondering if your'e down to compare some answers for the first assignment?.
. Hey man, yea sure. I am not done yet tho. ill hit u up tmr when im done if that works for u.
yeah sure. are you going to office hours?.
idk. prob not.. Hey man still down to compare assignment.
yeah for sure. did you get more collisions for multiplication than division in q1?.
. yea I did for some values.
Weird my collisions are around the same for all values that I put for w. . I'm still working on my answer for 4 and 1.
Yo, are u sure about ur answer for q2?.
Did I mess up somewhere?. I just did build max heap first. which was like 3 steps. but 2 of the steps were redundant.
mine is different. but should the sorting be lowest to highest or highest to lowest?.
I think it's lowest to highest. since that's the way he had it in his slides.
oh shit.. oh actually, its not hard to fix.
yeah it''ll be quick.
ye. For question 1 did ur values look similar 2 mine?.
Mine was kind of weird. changing the value of the second argument didn't do anything. it would only change with the value of r.
w should change the size of the possible numbers.
I didn't use w for the division method I just used generate random numbers in range.
the range u have to use is 0 - 2^w. These methods will generate n random keys in the range [0, 2^w] and return the number of collisions. thats frm the assignment.
oh damn. mine was using 2^r. weird. even if I change it to 2^w I still get the same results.
send a screen cap of ur code and ill take a look if u want.
public double multiplicationMethodImpl (int r, int n, int w, double A) {		// counter for number of collisions, returned at end of method		double collisionCounter = 0;		// array for "storing" key values. Initialized with size m with 0 at each index but incremented after it has been occupied in order for collision tracking to begin		int keyArray[] = new int[(int)Math.pow(2,r)];		// iterate through keyArray and hash keys using multiplication method, checking for number of collisions while hashing the keys        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {            double key = (A*generateRandomNumberiInRange(0, Math.pow(2,w)-1)) % Math.pow(2,w);            // cast hashedKey to int before shifting since only ints can be bit shifted            int hashedKey = (int)key >> (w-r);            if (keyArray[hashedKey] == 0) {                keyArray[hashedKey]++;            } else {                collisionCounter++;            }        }        return collisionCounter;    }.
ur key array should be size n. not 2^r.
the size of the array is supposed to be m. which is 2^r right?. since load factor is n/m. where n is keys. and m is slots.
m is the number of buckets. yea.
and in the assignment it says m=2^r. m=D=2^r.
yea, you have 2 generate n keys tho.
yeah but the size of the array is the number of buckets. my for loop iterates through n times which means I generate n keys. since each loop i generate one hashed keys.
yea i see what u mean. can u send me a pic of a graph u are getting?.
sure one sec. .
what were u r and w for that one?.
this was 8/32.
here is my 8 32.
I get the exact same as 8/16.
hmmmmm.
oh wait. i think theres' an updated jar file. wait nvm lol. the values are still the same lmao.
Maybe u values are right tho?. do u think they are not?.
nah my values match my graph.
no, i mean like how do u know that ur data is wrong.
yeah true. theoretically they should be wrong tho. every textbook shits on the division method and talks about how much better multiplication is.
I thought that was because of computation time, not how effective the hash was..
No those are the number of collisions I think.
oh shit. this is what the TA said. .
ya I saw that.
idk, our values arent even that different. they kinda are but idk.
yea for sure. I just have no idea how to explain why it's theoretically. wrong. because of my implementation.
yea same, im just gonna say fuck it at this point for that question.
yeah same.
yo for q3 what does the second half (after the plus sign) represent. I got the first half, but no the second..
that's the number of empty locations. after n keys have been hashed.
oh u are missing a parenthesis at the end of ur notation..
fuck. going to just highlight.
also is that n 11/alpha?. or an n?.
n.
oh hhaha kk, i was confused..
damn the scanners at mclennan suck lol.
lol ye. on q3 E[collisions] = n - m + E[emptySlots]. how does that work. i thought that n - m was the number of collisions?.
it's n-e(spots occupied). which simplifies to n-m+empty slots.
ohhh shit.
it makes sense because when n is greater than spots occupied. that's the surplus ones which are collisions.
lol i just missed the submission by liike 2 mins.
haha they usually don't mind if it's within like an hour.
. dude is a fucking savage....
lmao that's fucked. might be a prank though.
hahah. Man fucking TA's.....
Hey.
 are u with liam?.
yeah.
go to alicias..
what time?.
now i guess, where are u?.
at his house and he says no.
he doesnt want to?.
he says not ght now.
kk one sec. hey do u want to hang with me and richard down town tonight?.
yeah i cant stay over though. we will probably go to alicias in a little.
kk, when are guys going?.
soon enough.... right now actually.
ah, your sure a mysterious man.. are u walking?.
yep.
kk. hey. woah josh liuuuu. badass bitches rule. badass. for. life. lyfe.
daniel look up. hi.
wanna hang with me and rich tmr?.
sure, where?.
kings place idk when..
k message me tomorrow or tell richard to text me.
kk :*.
cya <3.
YEAH!.
I left my phone at your house, can you bring it tommorow?.
kk. where is it?.
In the couch maybe?.
k. U DER BITCH.
greetings.
u going to belgium desire,,,.
only if we can go to da pawn shops.
yEs!.
nice.
we also are going to a strip club....
hey tomorrow is amputuesday!.
Hopefully we can get ass fucked by stubs.
only if you get straight a's.
yes mom].
god how the fuck do you type. the ] is way on the right side of the keyboard.
next to enter douche #.
I may be a douche. but there's one thing I'm not.
whuy?.
a cock suckingn mother fucking virgi.
virgi?.
sorry I meant virgo as in the astrological sign. i'm actually aquarius.
thank god <3.
ikr.
fuck those virgo scum.
do you know if the trading post accepts debit?.
I DK, but ill bring cho cash. Wanna hang tmr?.
sure where?.
I dont fucking no, value village?.
let's go to some stores uptown first I wanna find that game I was looking for.
k sound good, when/. ?.
call me after like 12.
k.
want me to ask karim?.
ahha yeah. jmac is comin too.
sweet let's eat at saigon.
k.. where u want to mmeet.
my house?.
sure, josh isnt coming till three, is karim coming.
he said after 530.
oh god.. call dick and telkl him to go to ur house....
i just texted him.
k.
I think his phones dead though.
lolol.
when are you coming?.
idk 1.
keewwl richard is coming now.
k.
actually wanna go canoeing today?!.
that sounds so shitty....
by shitty do you mean the greatest thing you will ever experience??.
hmmm. no.  my family died in a canoe.
yeah I rented the same canoe!. you can still smell the corpse.
iim in!.
how about fishing?.
where the fuck would wee fish.
we could fish for wee fish in the sea fish.
fuck off.
fine no fish den.
bye\.
:(.
I am cooming over to pick up my shit?.
are you telling me or are you asking me?.
yes. also find some lithium batteries for me.
you can look yourself.
dude be a bro.. u better be looking.... when u coming back bb.
the 6th I believe. Let's schedule our driver's ed.
Yeah, sure when?.
sometime after august 11th.
yy?.
I have to study for my music history exam before then.
jkkk.
do you know how long you can call before getting the exam slot, is it like 2 weeks?.
idkkkk.
okay..... I will keep you posted.
thx babe.
Wanna go see the Dark knight?.
When?.
sometime this week.
tmr.
okay when?.
when are the showings.
12:10p12:50p1:30p3:00p4:30p6:00p6:30p8:30p9:10p9:45p.
6 30?.
oakeydoke.
JuST Me and YOU ?.
yeah, unless you wanna invite someone.
like who..
I don't know, I just wanna see the movie.
Yeha, K when do u wanna meet up.
5:30 so we can get some manchu.
feck yeah.
right on. can you pick me up too possibly?.
yeh sure.
cool.
Should Be cool.. lets go at a different time, I have to go to the airport at 5 to drop of this kid...
what time?.
830?.
okay. the movie or when we should go?.
730 0r 7. we should gp.
okay 730.
Are you going to the party tmr?.
nope.
Y?.
cause I don't know what party you are talking about haha.
At Jmers, everyone is invited..
I don't think I am.
Y, I dont want to be alone :'(.
.....
C'mon....
don't you have other friends....
Why wouldn't you go?.
I don't want to....
WHY? ILL KILL.\.
chill out bro.
You use the word bro, but wont go to the party????.
I know, I'm AWFUL.
Come on, we can work on the manga at the party....
or I can do it in a quiet envirronment....
Its a no talking party....
that sounds boring.
good, because it actally isnt a no talking party...\.
you're not going to convince me...
Give me one good reason.
tomorrow is friday right?.
today is..
exactly!.
elaborate....
I  believe I've made my point.
That tmr is Saturday?.
yes.
Man just fuck go,.
maybe the next one.
Dude....
gtg byeee.
MAN,,,]. I went to Brave,,,.
and it was sweet. now peace.
dick.. luv u beb. ur going to joli`s.
oh hey again.
u said the next party....
I believe there was a myabe preceeding those words.
ILL KILL>.
kill who??.
idk yet.
ooo pick me.
naw, ur a dick, ill keep you///.
reverse psychology bitch!.
fucck.
I know the human brain inside and out.
wanna hang tmr wit me and rich?.
sure.
we are going to hang downtown..
sweet I need to buy some stuff.
like.
what time?.
ill come to ur place at 1 and richard gets off at 330... that good, also we can hang with karim?.
I might be asleep.
at 1?.
yeah.
well fuck yyou im still coming at 1, we can work on the anime. manga.
okay but if I don't answer the door shout trhough my window.
kk.. igitg. lets hang tmr. ???.
where?.
idk.
great it's a plan!.
FUCK you, ill come over and give u a photoshop tutorial.
I'm already a pro... wanna see the cover I did in photoshop?.
wow me.
okay 1 second. .
they are so white..
damn it's supposed to be a family of mexicans.
another fuck up by u.....
fuck the world I'm out.
goof.
Iknowww....
so tmr where when.
You're the one who asked me in the first place.....
racist. Lets meet at karims.
Is Karim home?.
i dont know,,, we should go to the market..
oh yeah its saturday tomorrow.
good,. verry good.
let's go then.
when.
DO I AVE TO DO FUCKING EVERYTHING.
11 30 ur place..
ughh.. uggghhhhhh. ughtsktchtssughtssktchts.
k.
k.
its settled..
okay I definitly won't be awake.
kmon 12 then?. market closes at 1.
you can come at 1130 just wake me up.
k. ill be 12.
okay.
k. wanna hang tmr.
.... what happened to the market?.
I was sick. so tmr.
were were you thinking?.
lol wut....
where were you thinking.....
I need to go to staples to get lamination things.
do you really need me for that.....
i want company... do u need anything?.
not really, I kinda have to study for my music history exam though..
Oh i get the picture..... when ur exam].
in 4 days.
friday///. ?.
yeah.
when.
I'm not really sure.
ur goonnnaaa failll.
oh yeah definately.
fo reakk.
umm.
i quit my job btw.
really?.
lol ye.
but you loved that job.
shit,,, i did....
why;'d you quit?.
cuz fuck that place....
it was really that bad?.
kinda. wanna hang wendsday?.
yoday is wednesday.
i no.
I'm busy today but are you going on te camping trip?.
ye.
umm wanna hang the day after tomorrow then?.
kk. when.
I dunno right now let's decide later.
k. night.
oh and I want to start driver's ed too before school.
I called 2 places and I cant do it either time..
what do you mean?.
they both end on the 24th and I i nont here then.
oh okay. peace then. Cora's 1230. Okay 1 now.
im sick.
I hope you die.
u still around, i can hang now/.
Come to my place. Actually come to Reid's.
ill be there in 20 minutes okay?.
Okay!!!!.
PRESSCOTT wanted u to send her the handout for her to look over..
doesn't she have it?. yoooo.
no, she asked for it..
when?.
otday after classs.
okay.
send the infographic too.
do you have the answer to the chem bonus?.
she said she wanted that. no. do u?.
why the fuck would I ask you if I did fucking stupid. FUCK. send me the infograph.
k mom. jk. jk. but really send it.
it is done.
k. at dawn we strike.. FOR INFOGRAPHICS.
my mom is leaving for a conference tomorrow night, you know what this means....
SLEEP OVER!.
I was going to say a festival of sexual activity and narcotics usage, but a sleepoever sounds better actually.
aidz buld. how long is she gone for?.
2 days.
party on wensday....
I want my house to be exactly like Jesse Pinkman's apartment.
well we will have to mve it too new mexico first.
shit I thought the show took place in like alabama or somthing.
they mention new mexico on muliple occasions.
man I'm pretty sure the mention alabama every ten minutes.
it was inside jok.
oh. hahaha.
•	What links exist between characterization, setting, and theme?•	Referencing specific examples, where else might you encounter the novel’s dominant themes?  What These???.
the second one is comparing the themes in the book to other works of fiction or real life events. first is exactly how it's worded...
kk. politically satirical comedy is redundant.
politic make fun bad.
that was for robert....
you think all asians look the same?.
all non whites.
what does the sheet say we have to do for the conclusion?.
•	Please offer a brief personal reflection on the novel as a whole.  Comment on the novel’s strengths and weaknesses and its merits as “good” literature..
thanks brah, you da brah.
i da mah.
movie tomorrow?.
sure what one?.
Argo. or Frankenweenie in RealD 3D.
its a toss up... whens argo playing?.
3, 6, 855.
3,meet there at 2 30?.
Cool. I'll be at chapters.
lets do 215.
Why?.
Idk so we can get food.. Where u?.
Chapters.
wanna hang?.
sure come over.
kk, txt rich dick and tell him to bring his video camera.
yo bring my camera's memory card to school tomorrow. I know you seen my message.
i know, ill get it.
tight.
give me quotes\.
"teach a man to fish and he will be fed for the rest of his life" - ALbert Einstein.
Ill slit ur wrists.. did u and karim work together.
"slit a man's wrists, and he'll probably die"Abraham Lincoln. a little. not on the quotes.
are you done the assigment yet.
yeah.
give me some of them quotes from assigment.
ill just send you it.
kk thnx.
.
are u not going to respond to the comic.
I asked and the comic has nothing to do with anything.
k thank god.. thank Pi.
lol "pissing". wat a.
I h8 gay. and gay tigers. when u back.
back in few.
days. ?.
yes two of them.
http://www.nbfilmcoop.com/fs/welcome___.htmlThe Master is playing Monday, lets go.
I can't tell if this is sarcasm.
The master will be good.
MAde by a Frederictonian. .?. oh wait I thought you were talking about the indian film, and saying the director was "the master".
ahah no. this comming week..
umm, yeah I could probably go, might have too much work though..
We can study before hand..
Okay, I'll probably be practicing piano that night, so you'll get to critique me.
And rap over you.
yeah well I don't spin sick beats for no reason.
Did you wwatch beasts of the southern wild yet?.
nope.
K. also can u send me the gas law answers?.
its in video form on my phone so can you take screenshots and send them back to me? lol.
http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.4961566234433.2188690.1157394686&type=3. found these.
nice good sleuthing.
They dont call me Sherlock for nothing. or at all.
no they certainly do not. I don't think this is all of it.
chem review?.
sure thing brah. just be a jiff.
k. come to the holy cross building... I here, its a movie night.
what movie?.
lol. what are ur plans?.
I'm planning on reading tonight. how was it?.
have u talked to richard?. and i was decent.
dont be so hard on yourself. you were great. and no.
*it. I talked to him. We shouldn't go skiing...
why?.
Its going to be soo cold....
even better.
TALK TO DICK.
jesus okay.
k.
where is he?.
badminton. have u do this yet?.
what??.
Talk to richard.
I don't think he's home yet.
call cell.
ugh. I texted him.
give me his number].
470 1868.
Is my bag at ur house?.
richard still has it.
does he still have urs?.
yeah.
Fuck that guy.
I have your bag.
im picking it up at 315. Wanna hang.
maybe, if we do something.
Lego Star Wars?.
lol.
Yes?.
haha fine. call richard he wanted to hang too.
Be there soon, u call him I don't have his number ... Wanna hang tmr?.
maybe....
OMFG. COMMON.
common?.
You up.. need helpp.
lol.
nvm dick. Send me pics of the test.
send me the lab results.
7 sub we meet do lab k?.
fine.... pick me up.
k. send me ur part of the lab.
.
is it done?.
no.
k. What is the sign in thing for web work???.
Daniel_Lutes. password: Daniel_Lutes.
Great security. Thats not it....
it took me 4 days to brute force hack so it's not that bad. which phase are you at?.
Im on the brink of the main frame. Got past the network no problem..
did you try turning it on and off?.
I was thinking of hacking into Murdock's CPU to extract some bytes....
did you try Dan_Lutes?.
what is my username.
same thing.
Not it. OMG.
did you try.... Dan_Brown?.
Im in, but its all in latin....I think I just discovered the key to that code.
the... morse code?.
no, all of the fucking errors on code academy....
there is alot of them.
defiantly more than 1. you got a 37/40 on the physics test.
scaled?.
no. appearently the class average was below 85.
I think he went easy. but more importantly you think it's okay to just look at other people's business??.
He told me ur mark, loled then called you a. His words not mine.
well that's what he gets payed to do.... what did you get?.
33.5.
what did Karim get?.
0.
hey scaled he might get a 5. richard is driving to palate tomorrow at lunch if you would like to partake.
yes. dope. Did we learn anything new in math today.
yeah but it's not on the quiz.
what was it.
I don't know.
well. I am coming over.
can't wait!.
When is the math test.
dunno.
no tmr right?.
dunno....
Og.
cOOSE ONE. Is sexism a learned behavior? do you find yourself repeating sexist behaviors you've learned from the media? How can you empower yourself and your male peers to refuse to learn sexist attitudes from the media?. How is masculinity represented in the media you watch read and listen to? How do these image affect the way you view yourself and other men?.
thx.
what do journal.
What/ yes.
if (journal === yes) {. A+. };. what is the min we can write.
if (journal === no) {console.log("FUCK YOU dick")TERMINATE.process};. mine is page and a half..
okay thanks brah.
send me the history shit.
.
thx. Whats the name of the the driver course?.
www.firstratedriver.ca. the one I signed up for is full though, find another one that has two spaces and I'll switch..
All the summer classes are booked.  We can switch to drivewise for summer classes but its an extra $80. The only other option is classes in the school year..
let's do drivewise.
K sick. The course is for the the 20th to the 24.
you sure there's room?.
I called and they said 5 or 6 seats left.
I can't do the 20th, wanna do the next weekend one?.
There is no next weekend.
the next one which is a weekend course.
Oh the ones in September?.
yeah.
Fuck that. Those are real weekends what do u have on the 20th?.
I have to write the test on the 22nd during class time.
I bet u can leave for like an hour to write it....
for the insurance I have to have the complete hours though....
Call tmr and ask if they will do it..
fine.
Keep up the good work.
fuk off.
Turns out I have mono so I cant do driver shit this summer.
nobody wants your weak immune system on the road anyways.
God just hates me....
Maybe you should start going to church again.
Church of burt rubber and flying dust.
Is that a real thing?.
No :'(.
Burt rubber is an awesome name though.
What shit are you doing for the Lab/. .
Does the average V need to be a vector?.
Any shit u want me to do for the lab?. My house tmr night new years. U want in?.
sure. Can we stay up until midnight?.
I'll ask if we can stay up. No promises tho.. Bring ur poker shit. Josh Mc will pick u up @ like 8 45. Don't forget the poker stuff.
cool. Lab's due tommorrow.
kK, do u have the sheet/?.
no.
kk. Ill just do ur then. i have 2 copies.
thnx!!.
. NP BBG. U goin to jmacs?.
no.
Kkk. Joshua Liu, son of Lemming and Waychoo Liu, is the perfect embodiment of the well-rounded student. Joshua is an avid artist. He creates manga comics and was ‘first cello’ for the New Brunswick Youth Orchestra. Despite this soft side, Josh is not afraid of getting rough. He was a star running-back for the 2011 Junior Varsity Black Kats Football team. Unfortunately, Josh’s career was cut short by a tragic hand injury, and yet, like a phoenix from the ashes, he emerged. Josh entered eleventh grade with the scholarly passion he is known for today. He finished his junior year with a 96.4 average. Josh currently runs his own business, Cello There, where he gives cello lessons to the youth of Fredericton. Josh has always maintained that a healthy balance of work and play is key. Next year, Josh will take McGill University by storm, where he plans on studying Science..
I've never realized until now how achievement I am.
Ur a goddamn phoenix.. Joshua Liu, son of Lea-ming and Waychoo Liu, is both a musician and scholar in his own wright. Josh has played cello for the New Brunswick Youth Orchestra. He is an avid artist and is known for his creation of manga comics. He was the star running-back for the 2011 Junior Varsity Black Kats Football team. Josh entered eleventh grade with the scholarly passion he is known for today. He finished his junior year with a 96.4 average. Josh currently runs his own business, where he gives cello lessons to the youth of Fredericton. Mr. Liu is currently pursuing his passion in culinary arts, and as his parents will say “he makes a mean soufflé”. Next year, Josh will take McGill University by storm, where he plans on studying Science.. \voila!.
thanks you. I just finished rewriting it myself though.
GagagG. Send both. Allaby will decide.
shee says urs is shite. and mine is mmmmgood.
She just sent me a pic with my intro in her snatch. Soo....
nice. wait, we were supposed to send it to monica right?.
Lot.
where do we get transcripts?.
Office.
at school?.
Ya.
ty.
When do u go 2 italy?.
in 2 weeks. I'll bring you back a linguine.
Get me some chef boyardee... How are u going 2 mcgill?.
my parents are taking me. but I need somewhere to sleep on the 23rd, can I stay in your room?.
Ahah. I move in the same day as u. But u can stay with me at my bros apartment.. Wanna hang wit me and rich 2night?. Hey have u left yet. I need to give u keys to get into my bros apartment.
no I'm here tomorrow, or you could drop them in the mail box tonight.
Ill drop it of tmr morn in ur mail box.
why do I need it?.
Cuz I ur parents will be gone b4 I get there so u can  hang at his place. Unless u want to walk around the city..
ok (y). what's the adress?.
Its already in heart.. Ill get it in a sec. 4055 St. Urbain. apt 4. Its a red brick building.. Ill text you when I get there/. does your phone work?.
yeah. Mind if I invite some ladies over??.
Prostitutes only.. do u leave tmr?.
yep early.
Are u bringing your cello?.
I don't think there's gonna be space.
Chain it to the bike rack.
my case has wheels so I can ride it downhill.
http://scratch.mit.edu/projects/26698310/.
.
Send me those things.
.
I got the same for the last 2 answers as you for 3. d and 3. e.
niiicce.
send me ur Question 3 file..
.
I wanna check the others. for c4 isnt it a double. if you make it an int then u get 0. if u make it a double u get 0.5.
one sec. post the question.
Lets define the following variables,int x = 20;double d = 3.1416;String s ="H";Give the type the next lines evaluate to, e.g. 3+3 evaluates to an int.1. x+20;2. d/x + "";3. s + s + x;4. 1/2;5. 1.0/2;6. 1+2.0 + "".
yeah I'm pretty sure you get 0 cause 1 and 2 are both ints.
yeah u get 0. but. if u call it a double then u get 0.5.
the type of the operation is still an int I think. you would have to convert something.
You dont have to convert.. the 1.0 and 2.0 are assumed from 1 and 2.
give me 1 moment. I get 0.0 when I do the doubel.
sht me 2. nvm. Other than that i got the same answers.
sweet, is my format okay?.
Idk about how u answered question B. like putting a comma between each output.
yeah how did you do it? cause they want one line right?.
b)aW * 263---- * 21251 * 0 * 0.5 (* Representes a new line). all in one line in .txt.
hmm. It's probably automated.
The marking.. i doubt it.
oh well then commas are fine.
ture. true.
you eat yet?.
yeah. BMH has ribs and chicken. They are pretty fucking goof. good.
lol they sound pretty goof. Imma go eat those.
they arereally goof.. they maybe out..
I'll just eat a croissant then. dude they put fucking grapefruit in the sushi there.
ahhahahahahaah.
I almost vomed.
did u eat it?.
yeah.
What else was in it?.
like tuna and avacado.
ahahah. CAn u take a look at my code and compare it to urs. .
You have mine....
Not compare just look it over and see if u made any mistakes. also what diid u get on the first assignment. it was posted on mycourses. * if i made.
I don't make mistakes dude. I got 102.
me too. that fuckeri. it was like u should have printed the three laws. never said that.
yeah it did....
like COMe ON1. Did u write them?.
yeah, but the guy said I had no comments but I clearly did.... lol tautology. who do you think u r.
i didnt know what to call it. I paniced.
why do you call CheckInputCorrect at the end of your while?.
Sec. good save.
I don't think yo uneed numberInput either.
Meh. If its shit like that they wont care.
it's wasting memory!!!!.
Come to think of it my computer did crash 12 times while trying to run the program.. Are u going 2 comp tmr?.
you should have got more than 30 bytes of RAM. uhh guess I could.
After lets eat at RVC.
ok. your code is weird as fuck.
Ahah, how?.
temp doesn't need to be a double and Character.digit is unecessary.... but if it works who cares.
fuck the .pow shit.
you need to comment q2 I guess?. you should probably put comments on your methods in q1 too..
yeah. Fuck commenting.
on mine I just wrote comments about jwows ugly clothes. yeah the only thing in q2 is that your spaces are being printed out by drawparabola so you don't really need the last else in the main. But it works so whatever.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HJVsLSrboMmJ9fYZr3vEf2CsSb527DP3WxPyVXvpwbw/pubhtml.
This is with all the features I could think of. give me your email I'll send you the assets. Also don't open this one.
Daniel.p.Lutes@gmail.com. Why did u send that?.
dunno I made it like 2 years ago and just found it lol.
Is it a virus?.
no....
what is it?.
open it....
HAHAHAHA. ScriptKiddy.fggt.
#hacked.
I look at the jar tmr. I have 2 exams.
kk good luck on your pirate ship.
. Here is the main screen. anychanges?.
cool. maybe do a gradient for the background?.
Kk.
the chain would be good for the bar in the playstate.
Yeee!. Should I leave it on the main page top or take it off?.
keep it. so after this menu there will be like a normal/casual menu?.
Yeah what should show up when u click play.
you figure it out, I can change around the menus really easily though.
. . Changes?.
there needs to be space for a back button, and a turn counter?. I pretty much finished the scrolling so the top is usable.
Turn counter?.
yeah how many tries you have left.
Oh. I thought it was timed?.
it's both.
Do one or the other!.
tries makes more sense. but I feel like there should still be a time limit to be more tense.
There could be 2 seperate modes.?.
casual is not timed. challenge should still be timed though.
Casual can be turns and Challenge can be timed?.
why shouldn't challenge have both?.
Too much info on screen.
hmm maybe you're right. let's put it in first and see how it looks.
TOo much workkk.
I already coded it in..... literally just a number.
But I have to make the buttton.
just use the template from the timer.
Time and turns is too hard!.
I changed the turns to, 12, 10, 18, 15. do you think that's fine?.
Four Colors and 4 spots. Hardest could be 8 i think. like it is do able.
four spots is still five colors cause it would be a huge pain to make it less for different modes.
Cant it be 4 colors all modes.
yeah that easier but on five spots 5 colors would work better.
Why?.
you can make a rainbow code obvs.
ahAha what?.
rainbow code.
what is that?.
RAINBOW CODE.
4 colors. Logical!.
5 colors, Exciting!.
I already pick 4 colors. i cant adda.
each peg color is a different picture.... just do one more picture.
yeah But i pick four colors adding another throws off the balance of the colors.
they all look like brown to me.... add a white one, that's goes with everything.
IF i add a white then it will blend into the chain. four iis the right ansnwer trust me].
its too easy on five pegs. add a beige one.
ill a color if there is no timer and turn on the same screen.
fine.
i added a yellow. alreadyy looks gaYYYY.
well our target demographic is the gay community so....
True. Have u made the high score page. asin the code for it?.
yeah I just don't know if it'll actually store.
should u be able to know without testing?.
no I need to put it on a phone.
kk. and can u do animation on buttons?.
yeah. well depends on what.
like fading in and out.
yeah but we can do better than that.
when the app opens what kind of animation were u think on the title and buttons.
maybe like the bubble can move sideways on the chain and the chain can move up and down into the next button positions. and like a color shift for the background but I'm not really sure how to do that.
yeah that sounds good.
here's the newest, multiplayer's broken at the mome though.
kk ]. public static int bubbleSort(String[] a) {		int comparisons = 0;		int n = a.length;		String temp = "";		for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {			for (int j = 1; j < n - i; j++) {				if (Compare(a[j - 1], a[j]) == 1) {					temp = a[j - 1];					a[j - 1] = a[j];					a[j] = temp;					comparisons++;				}			}		}		return comparisons;	}. is this bubble sort.
yeah but the outside loop should be a while and check if the inside makes one loop without swapping anything.
but then it wont sort?.
it will, actually yours isn't bubblesort looking at it more closely. wanna bmh?.
yeah I need to shower. Bring ur laptop. we can work on the app after. Meet there at 7?.
okay.
.
.
http://picresize.com/b544c4cac0807c. http://picresize.com/b544c4d06b855f. http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/nightlies/docs/api/com/badlogic/gdx/graphics/glutils/ShapeRenderer.html. http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/69191/textures-quality-issues-with-libgdx. http://www.badlogicgames.com/wordpress/?p=1403. http://www.badlogicgames.com/wordpress/?p=1403.
. . send me art.
What do u still need?.
title an buttons. and instructions. have you entered a topcoder?.
No. what do u have to do?.
oh, you just sign up for it. but I was gonna ask if you knew where to get the source code for a project.
Oh. it should be on the right hand side for downloads.
there's nothing there. and it's first 2 finish!!.
There should be some shit.
I think you have to ask for it?.
really?. fuck.
but if you don. I'll look like a squeeb if I do it.
ahah just do it. U there?.
am now.
u there?. YOOO.
what.
nvm.
....
DOG was dying needed ur help.. too late. dog dead.
fuck ur dog.
do we have to comment our main method that we didnt write?.
which one?.
Question 2.
robot?.
ye.
uhh probably not.
kk. robot was actually kinda fun..
next one is alright too.
can u send me ur vector2D.java file. http://www.wikihow.com/Make-Capicola.
you wanna make that?.
Yeee. It only cures  for a month.
lol so not worth. let's do it though.
u thereÉ.
what's up.
Can u send me the city.java fioe i have no idea what im doing. File*.
.
Man why is ur getNeighbours method  only return neighbours?. doesnt it have to have other things.
what do you mean?.
http://cim.mcgill.ca/~gamboa/cs202/Assignments/a4.pdf. look at what is says for neighbouts. bours. oh shit nvm.
yeah getters only return the one thing.
Are we allowed to make that new mehthod that gets distance, dont we just use the method from  Vector2d?.
don't see why not.
Hmmm. it can be done with out?.
yeah.
kk immma try without then.
you eat yet?.
Yeah. BHM is closed now.
guess I'll go to new res. need anything from metro?.
isnt it closed 2?.
I think it's open all day.
if ur going can u get me a box of kleanx?.
l ply or 2 ply.
10. 10. plz. plz.
okay 10 jesus.
MAn i cant do this without a method. I DONT GET THIS SHIT AT ALL.
lol come to new res and I'll help.
I cant im meeting my brother soooon. this.pos.distance(cities[i].pos). Will this work?.
it should.
sweeeeet.
it should be get pos() though. you sure you want only klenex?.
yeah. i am lowmaintence.
I can buy literally anything there.
literally?.
yeah.
LITERALLY?.
anything you can possibly imagine.
Wait. where should it be getpos.
cities[i].getPos(). .pos is private.
oh shit yea]. hey if i pay u 5 dollars will u fix my program. i am getting a null pointer error.
okay.
counter offer 2 dollars.
just send it....
ahahah. .
.
What u get for the last question.
6544940.
kk smae. also what did i get wrong. in my thing.
Mostly the country was fucked up.
what was wrong with it?.
I forget exactly....
Dinnnner!. New rez?.
yeah did you go yet?. man the fucking serial podcast is so good.
hahah Yeah dude what epp u one?.
waiting for the next one.
Shit  caught up quick. I am working on that assignment, and i keep getting a "Exception in thread "main" java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: Java heap space" errror u know whats wrong.
you probably have a memory leak from not closing your readers/writers.
I dont  have any readers or writers!.
are there multiple copies of your program running?.
yeah, I am but Idk how to stop it.
if you're in eclipse, go to the console bar and click the button with the two x's. or you can just end task.
shit. It says its playing but no sound comes out....
try looking at the sound mixer.
Fuck hahaha thx.
dumbass....
. . . NEW rez 4 dinnner. ?.
ye dawg.
730. ill meet u there cuz ill be on campus till then.
alright. you seen birdman yet?.
yeah. It was good. u seen it?.
no, its playing at the theatre next to metro though. maybe I'll see it 2nite.
My phones gonna die. B at new rez 4 730. U there?.
sup?.
. Test this, is it cannon. *canon.
pachabel?.
yea. It sounds wrong. Idk if i wrote it wrong. or if it is a problem with my program.
just change the octaves.
send me the song u made.. also I have no idea what i did wrong. What octave should i change.
. when it sounds like the ocrtave is wrong....
ahaha u sure. Man the song is sick.
thanks dude I already mailed it out to dre and he ways he wants me to be his producer. .
ahaha thx.. im coming over in like ten minz.
k.
ill txt u when im in the courtyard. can u send me ur linked list shit?.
.
TH. THX. Did u get 31626 for a and 31503973 for b?.
second I got 31790318.
Check ur code.
what's the question?.
5b.
post question plz. is it amicable numbers?.
the array one.
here's my code. seems fine to me. I found the text for 206 if you don't have it already.
Fuck yeah! Link?.
I'll email it.
kk. where?.
your gmail.
http://azathoth.soupwhale.com/docs/Computer%20Organisation%20and%20Design%20(2014).pdf. for 273. newest edition.
thanks. I'm looking for the pink one too if you want it.
yeee.
Can't find it.
https://offcampuslistings.ca/18997-apartment-3616-durocher.html.
Why no pics.
Idk. We should  check out tho.
alright. Is the android tut tonight?.
There was no fb event . So i dont think  so.. Ill make a post. Its next wednesday. https://offcampuslistings.ca/19007-apartment-3661-saint-dominique.html. https://offcampuslistings.ca/18990-apartment-4278-sherbrooke-west.html.
Is that a gas stove in the first one?.
looks it. https://offcampuslistings.ca/18990-apartment-4278-sherbrooke-west.html. This place looks dope.
does it have furniture....
no. none of these will.
omg wtf?.
ahahha, yeah dawg.
we have to buy it?.
yea. thats how furniture works.
they're pretty far.
yeah. Most of the ones are.
The first one was close.
All the ones close are too pricey. or really shitty.
shit what about your bros?.
hes prob gonna be there next year. Once sec i pic out some good ones. ill link em.
tell him to gtfo.
ahaha yeah. good calll. Imma get him to talk to his land lord, cuz apperently he has cheap shit. https://offcampuslistings.ca/18984-apartment-3748-coloniale.html. https://offcampuslistings.ca/18982-apartment-3440-cote-des-neiges.html. https://offcampuslistings.ca/18926-apartment-456-avenue-des-pins-ouest.html.
lol the add info looks like it was written by a madman.
Hahahha, the murder is FREE!.
the last one is very good.
Yeah i like it too. its a 3 person one.
no den though.
Doesnt really mattter.
where we going to host den parties?.
FUCK ur right.... cross it off the list. the rooms look pree big tho.
add it to the check out list.
kk. I have a list of liek 12 tmr after 206 we can look at em all and weed some out. Then contact ppl for tours.. Also talk 2 ur bor. bro. see if knows of any good spots. U THERE?.
lol wat.
For the 273 circuit did ur flip flop have one or 2 inputs.
2.
So ur read write registar had 2 inputs.
yeah 1 for value and 1 to store.
do u man set and reset?.
no I used D's.
Does ur ram have a clock?.
yeah.
are we supposed to ?.
I don't think it's necessary to work but real Ram runs on the clock.
kk. . App icon idea. . .
Put some people behind da money.
. Hey can u send me what ur answer is for question 1 on 273. I cant figure out  how much detail to use..
.
thx.
.
U eat yet?.
yeah. so sry.
check my site. cs.mcgill.ca/~dlutes.
noob. . . . . Post the code you wrote on Github.
Ill do it tmr. Ut buggy now.
kk.
whats ur email.
joshliu96@gmail.com.
Its saying there is a virus.
lol wut.
ill poost to git hub.
where is it!!??.
how do I post it?.
drag the project onto the github window and sync.
https://github.com/Lutes/Payer.
ye nig.
. new logo. changes?.
The dark bottom half doesn't really make sense....
All logo have it itd the sexy obe. Oh on the bill u mean?.
Yeah or shade the $ with it.
Ye. . . .
. Yo.
Ye.
We going to crabbe?.
Yeah. What house will u be at?.
New house, Ill get the address one sec.
Kk.
1067 route 105 in douglas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKOwSBeP8Zk. Okay. Well pick u up round  10 ish.
Haha sweet. .
hey can u send me ur list.c.
.
Thx dawg.
when are you getting back?.
Idk. Probs some time nexr week.
kk.
Hows the appartment  search  going?.
we paid rachel 15 bucks to set our appointments lol. we saw one today near your bro's that was kinda shitty. it's the one I sent you.
Call that num i gave u tmr. My brother was talking to the guy today and he has a place to show.. What one?.
4373 St urbain. not that link. whatever it sucked.
What was wrong with it?.
it was sort of run down and the bathroom was icky. and the faucet in teh kitchen was broken so I guess they just leave the water running all day.
Hahahahahagahhaha. Thats fucking  insane. Yeah. Call that dude. He can show u the place tmr prob.
Is he french?.
Ye. Gl.
fuck.
But it should be a good spot.. Make smelchel  do it.
You didn't give me any number btw.
One sec. (514) 845-3379. His name is jose.
rodriquez?.
No. Jose Juan Camilo Gamboa Higuera.
wow wierd how his last name is the full name of one of our profs!!!. spooky. he old?.
Like prob 50.
does he have texting capabilities?.
I asked my bro and he said definitely  not..
sheesh get with the times you old fuck.
Yo can u send me the app project. Also what shit do i need to download to use it. Ie Facebook API shit.
lol facebook detected a virus I'll send it over google drive.
Kk.
what's your google email?.
Daniel.p.lutes@gmail.com.
So download the facebook sdk. https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android. and link it to the project.
Is that it?.
I forget but try that and see if it works.
kk. Whole thing is fucked. Ill do the finish up work when i get back. Aside from UI how much work does it require?.
Dunno, did you get it to run?.
No. Its all fucked  up. All i need to do is build the list view  and make sure that the aspect  ratio changes on each device..
lol what error's are you getting?.
Its asking  for a gradle home.
yeah I think I had to do some build configurations but i don't remember what. just take the loan and friend classes and make the exlistviews out of instances you manually make.
Where do the i make the instance? In main?.
yeah should be just like creating any object.
Kk sounds good. Do i have to use the loan list adapter?.
oh yeah probably, but it might not work with expendable list view.
Kk. Did u make  the adapter  ur self?.
most of it is copied from somewhere.
Kk. Spookey. U coming to class?.
fuck I forgot.
Meet up at RVC at 6:45, were going to eat. Then we meet the dudes at 7:30.
cool are you downtown already?.
ye. U here?.
yp I'll do the display.
kk thx.
np!!!.
Wanna go to the bank?.
Yup.
Meet me at leacock in an hour.
Ok.
Actually just come down now.
I wanna finish watching something but I'll be down at like 215.
Kk.
I just started walkimf.
Kk.
Come to Kazu.
Got 2 werk. Ill come if u send me assignment 3.. Here is holdens login. $7r11n(X.
yeah I'll send you it.
When wewe eatin.
walk down at 530. . third question I don't know wtf. what's the mimi server address?.
mimi.cs.mcgill.ca.
what's holden's username.
hkoivu.
what do you want me to do?.
Just take the input from the form.
does login work.
no. that all u have to fix.
the function?.
oh the fuction. um. prob not. the string splitting may be fucked.. but the idea is there.
where do you get the password from?.
Password and Username come from the forum. form*.
stdin?.
the top lines doesnt work. yea.
what's the format?.
like I dont think the fetching of username works. and i have no idea. couldnt find it anywhere.
yeah it looks like you're just storing the whole form in username.
yea. thats prob whats happening. idk.
are there libraries that he gave us for this?.
I dont think so.
how do I test?.
You have to compile on the cgi server. Then go to the page, and try logging in. if ur code works then u confirm by changing the if statement in login. just print something random to check.
wtf is mems supposed to be reading from the file?.
sec.
why are you using a 2d array?.
So it goes like name and username in each row. so say there are 5 users it is a 2X5 array.
but it's a local variable so everytime you read a line it's reset.
ouf. whoop.
do you need to store all of that in the c file?.
all of what. the users and passwords.
all of the users and names. seems to me like you just need to check the input against the file right?.
yeah, you could do that. I was doing it like that cuz its how i did it in python. but its hard to do in C. Change it how ever u want.
wait just tell me what the input and output of this file is supposed to be.
Input is the Form that has a login attempt, containing username and password. out put is either running a MyFacebookPage.py if login works. And if login fails send back to homepage.
and you do that by sending a form?.
yea i think.
ok that should be pretty simple.
yea. the only hard thing is reading the form.
your login is pretty fucked up though lol.
yeah. it is completely non functional.
what's the format of the form coming in?.
i think its (username="user_entry"&password="user_entry").
kk.
not sure though.
ok how do I compile?.
U have to compile in a special place. Holden knows how. I dont.
can't just be in the cgi-bin?.
Naw. U have to compile  on a different  server or some shit. Holden knows.
well holden's not responding , wanna come over and play some hits?.
Im at trottier. Hes online rn.
yea he responded.
U figure  it out?.
he doesn't know.
He did it!!!. He has to know!.
what's the link to the website?.
To the server? Or to our site?.
the site.
http://cs.mcgill.ca/~hkoivu/web/comp206/welcome.html. . NOICE.
yeah I'm working on it lol. there has to be a fucking library for this....
hahaha. I maybe wrong interms of how input looks.
yeah I don't think there's quotes.
prob not.
okay try logining in again and see if you get the right username but wrong pass.
username: CarMANÈ password: rwer. is what I get back.
with the E?.
yeah when I try to login login.c is placing a char at the end of user name. but the char isnt consistant.
ugh.....
Come down to trottier.
okay I'm gonna shower first. also when I made a new account it didn't put me on a new line in members.
Thats holdens code.
Can you send me the code for our website?.
just download ur assignment.
oh yeah duh doi. You in molson?.
Ye. How was ur exam.
It was pretty brutal, but I think I mostly figured it out. Can I come over to print the forms out?.
Yea sure. Message if u need let in.
Cool ill txt if I cant get in. How much for the check?.
Leave it blank. He filles it in i think.
Civil status?.
Single.
Yo.
Ye.
Tom ng has some job openings for his tree nursery business.
Ahah. U chatting ol ng. What is the job?.
It's like reforestation I think. I think you need some sort of strength to do it.
Manual labor? Count me out!.
haha, why not?.
To hard. I want an office job! Im too weak!.
you can operate the weed wacker.
Ahahhahhahahah. Is that really  a job?.
yeah it's part of it. It sounds dope man.
Nothing about that job sounds good. Living in the woods for a summer. I have heard that planting trees is really hard work..
it's a worry free job. + fighting global warming!.
U prob get paid per tree.. Thats how tree planting works.
you're basically getting paid to work out.
Ahahha.
you'll get a rockin bod.
I already have 1.
that's true I forgot. too picky....
That job sounds so painful. Come get ur bagel were playing  hitz.
Ok I'm gonna take a quick shower first. Yo wanna go try a burger joint?. They have vegetarian.
Im running  out of money..
It's cheap only one money sign on urbanspoon.
Its bmh for me 4 tye rest of the year.
loser. Can you text James and tell him to call the landlord?.
Did u call him?.
No I don't have his number.
Its on the form..
Can you call?.
Make holden.
Is that the same as the fax number?.
No.
I don't see it.
Idkkkkk.
Ask James to do it.
U ask him.
aiya. Are you sure about bmh for the rest of the year??.
Ahahhaha. Probably.
The burger place I went to yesterday had like the best burger I ever eat. let's go tonight.
Ahahah. I am eating at my bros tonight.  Better than relish.
yeah relish isn't that great.
Ummm. Ummmm. Take that back.
Hey dude everyone has their own opinions. but relish objectively tastes like dirty diherhea.
What kind of burger u get?.
It had maple bacon, caramelized mushroom, tomato, + I forget.
Sounds shitty as fuck.
you were gonna say that regardless of what was on my burger!!.
No. If u got a diherhea burger i wouldnt have said that..
How many times do I have to tell you.. liking the taste of poop is not normal.
Thats not what my priest  said.
App dev tonight?.
Ya. Come 2 my place..
Cool. Want some fries from macdonald's?.
Hha. Naw. Just 8.
what courses are you taking next winter?.
Esys 102 econ 330 econ 219 math 323 comp 302.
kk.
you. what langue were u talking about for analylzing fotos?.
ImageJ or FIJI. It's mostly for scientific work though.
When u moving into Jesse's.
18th.
U comin out 2nite?.
nope. sorrryyy.
Yy.
Don't wanna.
Ur a big BRAT!.
I know u are but what am i.
U get ur comp yet?.
no I'm waiting for my next paycheck.
What u  spend ur first paycheck on?.
nothing, but the computer is fucking expensive.
What comp u getting.
13 inch pro with 3.1gHz i7, 16gb ram and 256 gb ssd.
Fuck. Thats gonna be sick. How much?.
2200.
Shit.
can't wait to do some mad hacking.
Main frames are going to be falling left right and center..
When are you going to go to moncton? lol.
I leave on the 21. One month of pure fucking bliss..
I'm so jealous. Crystal palace will only be steps away!!. did you learn minecraft modding?.
Ahahah. Turns out they are doing it all in blockuz. Like scratch. Should be a joke. U wanna camp 2morrow..
Yep. Can you drive, or can Reetzi?.
I cant drive. 8dk if dick will. *idk.
Do you know where he is?.
Ye he is at tesses. Im there 2.
Sleeping?.
Naw he is awake.
Ask him..
He says he doesnt want to go..
Why not?.
Idk. There is a concert 2nite.
Ah well if he changes his mind let me know. How was Tom's party?.
Ahha. Actually pretty good. U shoulda come.
Who was there?.
Like 70 ppl. Alot of randoms.
fuck was it open house?.
Ye. It was a god damn free for all.
70 wild animals all penned up in one house? I can only imagine what crazy antics must have ensued. You guys wanna get something to eat at the market?.
Just ate. Wanna ball 2day?.
Yeah where can we meet?.
Prob queen square.
What time?.
Idk. 2?.
How about 1?.
Sure.
Kk Ill meet you there.
Cant hang tmr.. Sowwy.
What time are you leaving today?.
In 30 mins. Yy.
I was gonna ask if you wanna go to U-Pick lol.
Hahaha too lil 2 l8.
Call in sick for the week man.
Ye. That would go over well. League tonight?.
haha ye nig.
Sweet sweet. Here. U goin to alicias?.
No.
Y?. We going from there to triv.
Need 2 nap brah.
What a champ. U coming to triv?.
Maybe.
Y not?. We won last night.
So you don't need me there.
Hahahq. U coming to triv?.
Yes.
Fuc ye.. Also i hear ur staying in montreal after this weekend.
Yea dude.
I thought u worked till the 17th?.
I quit haha.
When u quit???.
I finish in 1 hour.
Hahah shit. Todays ur last day?.
Yep. I'm outta this hellhole.
How did the boss take ur quit?.
She couldn't take it. Drank a whole liter of HF and jumped put her 5th floor window.
Ahahah. Wow. After drinking all that HF jumping out of a window seems slightly excessive..
She always liked to put on a show. RIP. Oh fuck acrually I probably cant make triv.
Why??. Her funeral?.
Going to douglas to eat sup. I'll come at like 8.
Ahah kk dope.
Very nice comment on fridge nansen's post on my wall.
Hey Im the first to say i love a good joke!.
Why is that even there lol.
He is a comedian.. Where u at???.
did you call colbanet??.
My face is frozen. So no.
pussy.
U do it.
do it when your face is better.
Doc says it could be year.
I keep saying he should stop using botox instead of novacaine.
I always suggest that. But he says i will die.
fuck dude. just do the internet ya bish.
Ill do it tmr.
kk. you call yet?.
I called. U have to do it. They were asking questions about the router and shit..
fuck.
Hahah. Np man. What have u been doing since i left.
chillin.
What u eating?.
went to jean talon and got some stuff. cooking salmon and broc rn.
U going be able to do 150 this month.
probably not.
Ahaha. Did u wash those nasty ass dishes.
no, so fucking gnar dude.
Ahahah. Man fucking DHe and richard are the worst house guest a guy could ask for.
there so muxh fucking sesame seed everywhere.
Thats the bagel life.
do we have pots anywherw?.
Check in the zone left of the stove.
only small ass ones.
I guess not then.
bring some when you come.
Yr. Ye.
and also bring pot. the dank kind.
Oh yes of course!👌🍀💨.
did your rent check go through for this month?.
Ye.
shieet.
Oh shit nvm. Idk.
no?.
Ill ask my mom tmr.
ok I emailed J-lou.
J-lou is probs in a croatian prison rn..
oh most definitely. what deal do you want from colbanet?. what does prepaid mean??.
Means u pay for the year in advance.
sheet. sounds sketch.
My bro uses it. Says its good.
can we just get 9 months?.
Naw. Full year.
maybe it's better to just do month by month then.
Yea maybe. But it seems like it is cheaper to get colbanet for a year.
we might have to buy the router too.
There is one there in holdens right?.
yeah but the model might not be compatible. I'll check later.
Kk.
who's gonna pay?.
For the router?.
for the everything.
Haha. Ill pay. We will just split it.
Ok. you guys owe me like 45$ for the first power bill.
Kk. U owe me 150 for the tv.
fuuuck I owe you 105 then. why aren't you going to ny?.
Kk we will figure out the money when i get back. Imma make a sexy spread sheet.. I can't go 2 nyc cuz i have no money.
dip into peg's purse.
Also i hav a fam vacation then. Pegs purse is full of scorpions.
yeah but scorpion venom sells for alot. where are you going?.
Shediac  hahaha.
.... dude just come.
Thats the ny of nb.
tru. it's a once in a lifetime trip!!.
Hahaha..
yo.
Ya.
check your email. gmail.
Ye i got one.
great.
What do i do?.
that was just a test email. you'll get the confirmation email soon.
Kk dope.
you coming up on tuesday?.
Yeah. Ill be there at like 5.
when's the exam?.
9 am Wednesday.
ready for it?.
Not really  ahaha.
haha what a fuck boy. did you get it yet?.
Get what yet?.
the email.
Sec. Nope.
check spam.
Not there.
omg colba whyyy.
The test worked.
I think the guy who sends the confirmation emails is not doing it.
Ahaha. What the fuck. Y.
probably just like bad communication in the company. fucking bureaucracy.
Ahaha. Man. This is ridiculous. Have u paid them yet?.
yeah.
Wth.
I had to travel like 1.5 hr to their offices cause they were having problems processing credit card.
Jesus! Haha where are their offices?.
on the transcanada highway lol.
Hahhahahah. Have u called yet?.
when?.
Today.
yeah I called them to send the test email. keeping checking your gmail today I guess.
I wanna call em.
yeah please do that.
When do they close.
I think 5.
Fuckk.
Sounds like they have call centers in india though? you can try tonight.
Ahahh. Okay. Yo wont be there for dinner.
kk. there's bagels and shit in the fridge.
The same bagels u bought 2 weeks ago?. Also i just bought 12 bagela.
lol I bought new ones.
Ahah good..
Did you delete our text convo from my phone? I can't find it.
Naw lol.
weird. Send me your number. no bubbles btw.
. U there??. Urgent.
yeah sup.
Nvm. 7. U going to metro today?.
I can.
Well if u end up going can u pick up some yeast?.
it's the yeast I can do.
Hahhaha stfu. U go to 240?.
naw I fell back asleep by accident.
Jesus... ahaah. Get it together. can u send me ur os assingment.
. .
U there?.
yeah.
Can u shut the door in my room?. Like the door to the outsid.
sure.
thanks.
I shut the door but like 100 raccoons got in your room when it was open.
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
they're raiding your underwear drawer now.
DOUBLE FUCK!!!!!!!!!!.
.
Wow u  did it. Fuck that assignment.
I always complete my work on time.
My hero.. Man get to lvl 30.
I'll do it this weekend.
If u play lulu it will take u years..
don't sleep on the lulu!!.
Man. She is real trash.
top tier pick.
Naw. Dude. Focus lux. Ur only chance of going pro.
fuck lux.
Xerath main dude.. . . .
. . .
Rock and Roll!!!. .
.
good talk. .
What does it mean Sam!!.
He is so confused.. Also why is 45 years old???.
because he has lived for 45 years....
Man no doubt he is a Iranian refugee!. He is also related to the gremlin.
defintely has some form of PTSD. probably caused by grelim.
Ahahhahahaha. No doubt!.
we all have a little gremlin trauma in one way or another.
The smell alone is enough to drive a man insane.
.
. reague?. HAve u ate yet?.
.
. . https://github.com/oatssss/Education/blob/master/cs310/Filesystem/sfs_api.c.
Q1) Chris Cameron (christopher.cameron@mail.mcgill.ca)15/55Filename is not 'MergeSortNonRecursive.java' (-5), don't make class public (-5), when initiating the stack set type 'new Stack<ProgramFrame>()' (-5),Program provided incorrect sort of [5,4,4,4,2,2,1,1] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [1,1,1,1,1,1,1] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [3,2,1] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [5,4,4,4,2,2,1,1] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [0,-1,-2,-4,10] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [-1,-2,-4] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [4,6,8,1,3,9,5,7,6,4,1,8,7,5] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [-100,100,0,] (-4), Program provided incorrect sort of [4,5,4,5,4,5,4,5] (-4). . . . .
Josh I will give you 1 billion dollars - Daniel. When U see this message me.
sup.
is there anything I can do for the sfs?.
yeah.
what?.
make some of the things in test 2 work.
Does all of test 1 work?.
. . np. no.
shit. How much more work?.
dunno.
fuck mannn. CAn u send me what u have now. Imma update the files.
.
. here it is. wait. no. one sec. .
.
.
.
. . . yo. you. can u send me what u submitted yesterday. my shit just got deleted. yoooooooooooo. dude.
had to switch to ubuntu.
oh yea. thx. Still down for chinatown?.
ye.
Sweet. u up?. .
.
Did u write the test file yet?.
I'm writing it. but it doesn't really work.
What u mean?.
the methods don't work. I'm fixing it.
lol. kk. I thought they worked?.
yo I found a working one online I'm just gonna change this around.
What is the working one. link me.
. . .
Is this one from previous years?.
yeah last year.
Shit. Where did u find it?\.
github.
Noice. Its really long tho. like suspiciously long. The file I sent u was working when I sent it. What happened to it?.
nah it wasn't.
what was wrong with it?.
it just wasn't saving right.
saving?. Like it wasnt allocating properly?.
yeah was all wonky.
hmm. kk. So what are u gonna do/.
use this one. . wait no not that one. use the one I found on github.
What?. Just copy the whole thing?.
yeah I'm gonna change it a bit.
kk lol. Pretty Brutal. I think Im just gonna use my fucked up one, and write a test file that gives false positives. It doesnt seem likethey look to closely at these assignments.
ok I sorta did half of that here. .
sweet thx. yo. why did u change all of the printf statments to puts?.
it said to do it.
ur compiler?.
no mumu.
inthe assignment?.
yep.
o nice catch.
mumu called me.
Mumu called me and told me when I wanted to print something I had to spool it first..
he's a fucking lunatic.
. Who me?.
yeah u look like a deranged killer. when is your flight scheduled?.
1140 in the morning on the 6th.
man go watch the big short.
Seen it already. Did u see it..
yeah. twas dope.
So good. Did u see it 2day?.
yesterday. you still in moncton?.
Ye i come back 2morrow. Rift 2nite. Like 12.
lol.
Ur getting soft. leauge.
3o mins.
kk next game. Stop specking. game over. Did u buy a ticket?. Also ru coming to potluck 2nite?.
yes. and no. get on league.
Kk.
Can I stay over tomorrow night?.
Sure. U need a drive 2the airport.
yea that's why I wanna stay over.
Kk. What u get on OS.
B+.
Me 2. Fucking mumufuku. Wing night tmr nite.
that's an ok grade.
Ahah. Ye im happy with it. Just that exam was funny.
true.
So ur down 4 wing night tho?.
yeah. Ill bring my bib.
Ahahah. When u coming over?.
after snoots.
What about ur luggages.
I only have a backpack.
Can u bring my glasses 2 probability.
yeep.
Sweeet thx. Yo. Ru coming 2 pro. Probability.
no.
U look at assignment yet,??. .
no. send me the file I'll do it tomorrow. what am I looking at in this picture.
Abbey sent it idm. Idk. But just do Q 5. Ill send it over after.
I wanna look at the syntax of the other questions tho.
Lol kk. . one sec. . Program.fs is the one. use it.
. how do you run this. help. figured it out. this one works. .
Sweeet. Tell gremlin.
NO.
.
obliterated.
. . . .
ahhhhh.
. . Hi josh from rachel.
tell her hey smelch.
.
and tell abbey happy bday.
. .
wtf. terrifying.
. Im so scared. Yo u there?. Did u change the variable names for my part of the assignment?.
dunno maybe.
Change them b4 u hand it in. Ill change the variable names from the part u did. Yo. Fucking read these messages.
chilll.
let countriesInChart (chart : Chart):Set<Country> =     Set.fold (fun (acc:Set<Country>) (x,y) -> acc.Add(x).Add(y)) Set.empty chart. let canBeExtBy col ct chart =      not(Set.forall (fun x -> areNeighbours x ct chart) col). THose are two of the four methods.  for question 3. Have u done these yet?.
yeah don't know how to test it though.
What do u mean. of. yea. u can go to the site and they wrote some test code.
yeah but I don't have the interactive thing. are you in your room.
No. Im at trot. Are we allow to use mutable variables in the assignment?.
idk, why not?.
Cuz using mutables is not functional programming. i think.
you can just make a new variable then.
what u mean?.
create a new variable instead of overwrting chosenCol.
oh yea true.
wanna go to thai xpress>??.
Not even a little bit.. haha. but if u wait.
oka your loss.
ill go with u.
ok.
cuz i need metro.
me too.
Ill be home in 30 mins. if u can w8.
I'll try!.
Ill throw a fucking tantrum if u dont!. http://www.hg.schaathun.net/DisMath/Part3Induction/proof.pdf. . .
. .
in q4 why doesnt y=6 point to y=1?.
dunno.
U start the probability assignment yet?.
yeah I did 1 and 2.
kk im close 2 done. Be home inna bit. Can u Send me the code. I need to see it to do the questions.
. .
. Yo. Ill do the first half of the PRob assingment. u awake?. u done?.
. what courses are you taking next winter?.
251. 424. 421. the rest are econ.
kk.
wbu.
I'll take 424 and 421.
dope. Vua 530?.
yeah.
Vua is closed. Mcgill pizza at 5?.
yea you there?.
U coming 2 the park.
what park?.
We were eating out front of McConnel. But u didnt show up..
Oh I didn't know where you went so I went home haha.
lol. What did u get?.
spaghetti.
was it good?.
No but better than I thought it would be.
ahahah. Vua for dinner?. ???. !!!. REspond.
yes.
dope 6 o'clock.
k.
meet me there.]. or should i say meat me there.
is this rachel....
hhaha, no it is me, I have never been more fucking insulted in my life!!!.
sorry my b I went to far. yo lets go eat now.
when u back?.
Tmr I'm flying back now.
Dope. I have your money btw.
Sick.
Jessica sent it to me.
Just write me a check when I get back. Wanna get a drunk tmr?. drink.
I dont have checks (im not 100 years old.). but e transfer.. yea, I do want to get a drunk.
lets get schwasted.
snooty has 6 dollar nachos. so lets hit the snoot.
Nice. yeah.
Are u staying at ur bro's or on the north side?.
Maybe in the basement of our rental house.
lol. why that house.
Bros place is full. Ill have the whole basement to myself.
dope!. What is the address of the place.
It's like 3 houses up from my bros house.
oh haha, sweet location. are u on the south side rn?.
lunch today?.
I brought lunch 2day.
squeeb. aram?.
yea.
I think there's a patch.
how big?.
smallish.
updating.
skype?.
my patch is taking forever. Ill play later tonight. i have to eat dinner rn.
aight.
Triv tonight???.
yea.
Dopee.
what time is trivia at?.
815 it starts. Lunch 1230 lunch cafe.
Can't make it I'm stranded in douglas rn.
Hahahahha.
urf?.
Ye sure. One sec. where u at?.
douglas.
I mean ur not online.
one sec. k. you at richards?.
Not yet. Havent heard from the guy. Where u at?.
burden st.
Kk. Ill come get u.
cool do you have stuff to grill?.
Ill get u then well hit the Super Store.. Where are u???.
you here?.
Yes. What house is urs?. I need to piss. Im pick u up. 0. U up?. U wanna get lunch?.
I just woke up, can't get downtown in time..
Kk. Lunch???.
Don't think I'm gonnna wake up early enough anytime soon lol.
Ahaha. U coming out on saturday night?.
sure where to?.
I have no clue, I posted in the dudes. We will prob be at liams.
Can you transfer me 280$ for the last power bill?.
kk ill do that now.
thanks. What did your parents say about it? Should we try to get a refund?.
Naw, I mean there is really nothing we can do about it. If it happens again well do something. sent the cash, should show up.
didn't get it.
Have u got it yet?.
yup.
Kk. U wanna chill?.
I'll come to your place before Abbey's?.
Sure come over when ever. Where u at?. U coming 2 triv?. ???. yooooo. yoooooooo. SIgn up for COMP 321. Its all group evaluation. Teams of three. seems really easy. also fun.
lol.
gooby plz.
what's the code.
COMP 321.
the crn.
6350. there is one spot open.
oky. who' s the third person?.
idk, we will find some one. DMC is in the class. lol.
fuck.
but I dont want him.
no.
I wonder if holder would wanna join.
i thought its full lol.
oh yea. well i think other spots will open up.
alright. I don't wanna do any work though.
Yea, it seems really chill. no midterm or exam.
nice. I'll take pass fail prob.
u join?.
ye.
Noice.
I call being team leader.
Each team has 3 positions. The Coder, The Algorithmist and the Debugger. lol.
leader. LEADER.
Our team will have three positions Leader, Jester and Dunce.
haha that's more like it. dunce.
I am the Jester, DMC is the dunce.
oh yea tru.
whats ur mcgill email.
non of ur business.
https://open.kattis.com/problems/permutationencryption.
. .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5s5rWHxruI&feature=youtu.be. https://open.kattis.com/submissions/1323924. Yo. Log into my account on kattis. and make the assignment. U ate yet?.
what's your username and pass?.
Daniel.lutes@mail.mcgill.ca. whynot12.
what's your id?.
260609221.
.
.
LOL.
u up?. or around.
ye sup.
I did 4. But there are some bugs. it wont pass the test.. It gets the right points. but in the wrong order.. . Can you take a look. its like 90% done.
Just sort the points after lol.
how?.
Start from the first point and the next point is the one with the most rightward angle.
ahahah. can u do it?.
No.... Ask Minj.
Minj is face down in a ditch. I cant do it tongiht.
O no.
bb plz.
I'll look at it later.
sweet thx.
.
it solves the first one.. it works on the first test case. The second one gives a run time error.
what error.
lol. it literally says run time error, uncaught exception..
. try this. actually this one. .
Run time on both.
dunno man.
I can shop it. lol. its basically right.
lol don't do that.
lol. what should I do then?.
just submit the code.
hahah really?.
yea probably worth half marks.
i dont think so. He isn't clear at all. Yo can u submit the assignment for 321. its just 4 of the ones from the contest. http://www.cs.mcgill.ca/~dbecer/courses/Fall2016/321/ASSIGNMENT5.pdf.
yeah. I only did 3 hough.
yea me too. U can just submit 3 i guess, or finish one of the ones u were close on.
.
U coming 2 the midterm??. I cant go 2 atwater.
kk. .
Wanna eat?.
yea.
Where u wanna?. Im at schulic btw.
aw?.
sure. meet me in the schulic lobby?.
that 's outsie adams right?.
ye.
ok ten mins.
kk message me when u here. are u back  in fredericton.
yup.
dope. wanna go to the snoooty fox 2nite?.
my brother's coming home tonight so I'll stay home.
kk. did u lock up the place?.
I might have forgoten.....
lol.
Can I send some stuff up in your car when you drive back?.
Ye sure thing. What u wanna bring?.
a heat lamp and an air fryer.
Lol sure. Wtf is a air fryer.
its a deep fryer that uses a small ammount of oil.
Lol u finally got ur wish. Oh how u do on the 303 final.
75.
Nice i got a 70.
lol e did it.
Good fucking ridence Vhibihal.....
haha I srt of miss him in a weird way.
Ahahhaha are u familiar w/ Stockholm syndrome.
haha vybs did capture us. our hearts that is.
Hahahahahah. Very very true..
Are you gong to be home tomoorow>?.
Yea..
kk I'll come drop the stuff off after lunch.
Kk sounds good. Leauge. ?.
____________________________________Ye. ???.
u wanna play?.
yeah. my keyboard is fucked.
lol. are u still gonna play. ?. we in a lobby.
one ec. lol is chris playing.
ye. nothing but the best.
Yo I signed us up for a group in databases.
Dopee. We need 2 others.
yea. join group 7 in mycourses. does the group tab work for you?.
K havent looked at it. Also did u go to that class in person..
yea.
Is our teach indian?.
yea.
Lol wtf. Based on his name i thought he would be italiano.
nope he is as indian as they come.
Eating naan while teaching eh? Well he is no parkash.
few are.
Lol. Did u got to ai?.
no too early. wanna play league?.
Naw. I have 2 write a fucking article for the trib and its due tonight.
what are you writing about?.
How robots are replacing jobs lol.
for or against?.
Well against the government for not doing anything about the ppl who are losing their jobs..
They aren't?.
Lol naw. They are pretending it isnt happening.
sounds like it'll be interesting.
where u at?.
Ur moms house.
Can u send me what u got for 3, I wanna compare answers.
.
Dope, I got the same values for 3A.
ye if you plot the function the values line up.
Can u send me ur solutions for q4?.
i need to scan them.
kk.
ill leave my book  on the table.
kk dope. Trivia 2nite?.
Yeah.
Dope. Are u home rn?.
I'll be in grottier until 5 to 530. Trottier.
Where in trots are u?. Im in trots rn.
I'm in class. It ends at 4 then I need to use the computers here.
oh. 4 what?.
O clock? Lol.
what? Learn fucking english! y do u need 2 use the computers.
Oh haha, my cs account storage is full so I need to clear some space to login.
lol. fools fools fools.
Yeah we only get 1 gb space.... What do I pay tuition for?.
Yea, i have been running the numbers.... I play ~$5000 for tuition, and yet, 1 GB doesn't cost that much... I think I am being swindled....
They must be pocketing it.
yo. dinner 2nite at 545.
ok. happy bday bro.
. Hey can u send me ur assignment for 421. I want to compare.
.
Thx. For part 3 question 4. u got it wrong.
o forgot a part.
Man, i just fucking saved u from failing this class.... Πcustid(σatype=’saving’(σstartdate > ’2017-01-01’ (Account))))∩( Πcustid(σatype=’checking’(σstartdate >’2017-01-01’(Account)))). is this what u got for 4.
yep.
yo for Q1 part 2. wtf does ref mean?.
foreign key.
ak kk. So if i dont have any weak entities i dont have 2 include that?.
idk.
On q3 part 6 there is a mistake.. they ask for the managers name. not their ID..
o.
what did u get for that one?.
Idk our internet just went down.
the modem keeps getting unplugged..
Oh. It's fine now. p(T1,Branch ./ σatype=′checking′(Account))p(T2,T1./T1.mgrid=Employees.empidEmployees)πname,T1.city,T1.streetaddr,T1.province(T2.
why does parenthesis not close.
it got lost.
is it just missing that last one.
uh its kinda fucked looking.
take a screen cap from latez. latex*.
.
yea thats still wrong.
what'd you get?.
i havent done it yet.. but like ur query just returns a list of all checking accounts in the DB joined with managers rows from the employee table. But u are not checking to see if the manager owns the account..
.
The last line in part 7 is wrong. It should be a sigma, not pi.. do u concur?.
yea.
http://careers.peopleclick.com/careerscp/Client_CPPIB/campus/en-us/jobDetails.do?functionName=getJobDetail&jobPostId=4321&localeCode=en-us. apply to this. . Wanna compare answers for A2 424?.
sure.
u home?.
ye.
kk sec. Yo, can you write the data for venue-calendar, ticket, show_booking, show, and purchase. I did all the other ones.
Yup.
Can u send me ur answers for 421 Assignment.
. .
U at home?.
yep.
can u bring me an pencil for the midterm.
sure.
also, vua after?.
yeah all i've eaten today is melon.
ahahahah, well all they are selling at vua today is melons....
fuck. you there already?.
Yup. Its 112 otto mass eh. Wanna go to 10:15 showing?.
Yea.
dope!. THats the password for our group login?.
C0ffee!!. that's a zero.
nothing like that sweet sweet sludge....
We are just a bunch of sludge monsters. you figure it out yet?.
naw, I can't connect for some reason..
are you connecting to comp421.cs.mcgill.ca?.
ye.
with the group name?.
yea it is this "cS421in1707" right?.
I thought it was something like cs421g07.
oh shit yea, that was the org. password.. well it still doesn't work.
are you using the jcdb driver?.
ye.
hmm did you add it to the build path?.
yea.
and the WEB-INF/lib folder?.
wtf is that?.
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21980881/mysql-connection-error-in-java-com-mysql-jdbc-driver. actually it looks like that's just for web apps.
hmm kk.
try it maybe. .
Logan at 1030 2nite?. also wanna split up the work for the 421 assignment?.
Yea sure. I finished the assignment already.
Can u send it..
.
thank. What question do u want for the 421 map reduce project?.
doesn't matter.
ill do 4 i guess.
Do you mind if I use your computer today? I need to write an application for Linux but I don't have it anymore.
I need it for hw. But im going out at like 8. So u can use it then. Or ssh into trot. Or i can lend u a raspberry pi.
ok I'll see if I can do it at trottier.
Kk.
Let me know if you finish your homework early. I don't have proper access on the Trottier computers..
Ye. Its in ur room.. Password is why not.
thanks.
Np. There isnt a space. Its whynot. wanna compare 424 assignment?.
Yea you home?.
ye ill come 2 ur room.
Yo how do you run games for the AI project?. nevermind got it.
yo can u send me ur code that recursively generates the tree?.
.
thx. yo. Did u see the answers for A4 for 424. should P(Abnormal) = P(Abnormal | Well) * P*(Well) + P(Abnormal | Unwell)*P(Unwell)?.
yea.
look at the solutions tho.. also look at this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE49sOb-s-0.
oh no. I can't finish it.
Its called art....
he's actually crazy.
or are you the crazy one..
no.... What part of the solutions are you looking at?.
.
that's right.
how so?.
it's the right way to do it?.
ahaha, how come they dont consider the case where the observation is wrong?.
you don't need to.
oh y?.
it's the prob that it will be in that order.
yo can u link me the fb of the dude ur subletting to. Dhe wants it.
lol I'll try to find it. oh no it says he's a serial killer!.
ahahaha.
I don't know his last name. don't think I can find it.
how did he contact u?.
on kajiji.
lol wtf. whats his email?.
the email is done throught kajiji. tell dhe he's a very nice man.
is he a student?.
I think he's gradutaing this year.
kk ill tell dhe.. whats dudes first name?. also does he know that dhe and amar will be there.
valentin. yea.
where is he frm?.
quebec? he's french.
man how old did this guy look?.
100.
u maybe getting scammd.
why?.
there is this scam ppl do where they sublet, and then they dont leave. its a quebec thing.
I don't think it's very likely. hey, besides machine learning and algorithm design, are you taking any comp courses next semester>. ?.
Naw. Im taking a phil and a basc.. Did u get into ml?.
I gonna try later today. is the phil intro to logic?.
Yea. U should consider if u want an easy class.
I already took the math version. Probably the worst class I have taken lol.
Lolol.
I've heard the Phil one is good though.
Yea it should be chill.
How's the new job going?.
Pretty chill. They have buiding a web app frm the ground up, so thats cool. Hows Fredericton?.
I'm living with my brother in Halifax. What's the web app do?.
Oh shit. Its like a tool for tracking investments. Why are u living in Halifax//how is it?.
It's a really long story haha, I'll tell you about it later. Is the app for like personal investing?.
Naw. Its for like business use.
Cool, what are your coworkers like?.
They are really chill, but also really smart. At least from what I can see. Its way less intense than my job last summer. Howd u do in AI btw?.
B lol.
better than me man. i got a b -. got fucked on the final.
Really? How'd you do on the exam?. Shit.
60ish. wbu.
I don't remember probably like 70.
I also got a 38 on the 4th assignment lol.
Lol yeah the last part was worth like 40%.
ahahaha. I beat u on the Project i saw.
Yea my guy fucking choked.
ahahhahahah. thats what happens when u make a fully sentient AI.
Tru.
What have u been doing in Hali, just chilling? Are u back on the rift?.
Yea been playing a little. We should play sometime.
LoL yea, I am prob so fucking rusty..
The trist bard botlane can never lose.
ahahahaha, I am pretty sure we consistently lost when ever I played trist..
Yea true lol. Does ChRiS still play?.
Hahahahah. god no. He was so fucking chicken shit.
Haha those are the best words to describe the guy.
ahahaha, yea. Have u been in contact w/ Dhe or amar?.
No. Have you?.
Not really. But rachel was talking to him.. Apparently the person who u sublet too is a good guy..
Ayyy.
aka not a murderous goon.
He did not seem like a goon to me.
ahaha, yea, well its a long summer. Maybe he is just gaining their trust first.
Yea. You know he did ask me if our freezer was big enough to fit two human bodies....
ahahahahahahahah.
Yo we should start a programming project this summer if you're not too busy.
yea!. do u have any ideas?.
No I'll think of ideas. Do you have any?.
naw, not that I can think of. I may remember one that I thought of in the past. But yea let me know if u have any ideas. Im down.
Cool..
Yo u gotta watch this season of better call saul shit is sooo good.
I still have to watch season 2. Is the whole season out?.
Naw. Its halfway out. Also there is a new norm Macdonald special on Netflix. But i assume u have seen it.
Yea I watched half of it last night.
Ahaha normtard.
Hey shut up man I'm not a normtard haha. Did you watch it?.
Thats exactly what a normtard would say.. I am watching rn..
It has a 2 star rating on my Netflix, I thought it was pretty good though.
Yea. The opening bit abt him eating a loaf of bread while making porc chops was good.
Yea there are some better ones later. Yo I was talking to holder and he said we can use his business idea.
Ahaha, what is his business idea?.
I think it's like app that keeps a history of your credentials that the user can't modify.
Credentials for what?.
Like degrees, or other qualifications.. So the person can't lie about having them.
We can think of something better than that.
haha okay. how about a app that has 8 recipes for octopus?.
ahahahah. lets do an app. like a game or something].
Peggle?.
ahahaahah. we can def find an old game that was popular and nock it off.
Backgammon.
lol fuck off.
What are some old flash games.
idk, we should just test out some old games and find one that is fun then build it.
Ever play monkey snowball fight?.
I have played a similar game.
Could be good.
yea, we would have 2 figure out how to do networking, or write an AI player.
Yea. Shouldn't be too hard. I smell $$.
ahahha, yeaaa. koivu corp lives on.
Lol back from bankruptcy. Definetly want it to be player 2 player.
yea, the only issue is if u have a small user base then it could take a long ass time to get a game.
Yea we could a simple ai. Yo I'm gonna be working with Dave lol.
Ahaha. Dave mentioned that u were talking to him abt the job. When do u start?.
Tomorrow.
Damn. Goodluck working with Dave. He is a fucking tyrant.
Yea I heard everyone else quit because of him. How's Toronto?.
Hahahaha. Its pretty good. But taking the bus/streetcar everday sucks. 
